The irony is that David Bailey’s Nakamoto -- one of the highest-profile attempts to replicate the Bitcoin-treasury model -- has already shown just how difficult the transition can be. Nakamoto, founded by Bailey, a former Trump campaign crypto adviser and prominent figure in Trump’s embrace of Bitcoin, sold about $20 million of Bitcoin in March to fund operations, according to Bloomberg. The company sold 284 Bitcoin at an average price of about $70,000, below its reported weighted-average acquisition price of $118,171. (PLS DOUBLECHECK WITH OUR STORY).

That is a striking counterpoint to the bullish case Bailey has made for Bitcoin. In February, as Bitcoin was in a prolonged slide, Bailey told Bloomberg he remained “eager to buy Bitcoin” even amid the rout.

His role in Trump’s crypto push has also given him an unusual position at the intersection of Bitcoin’s political ambitions and its corporate-treasury experiment. He served as an adviser during Trump’s presidential campaign and was credited with helping drive the president’s embrace of Bitcoin.

Nakamoto’s sale underscores the central tension now facing the sector -- believing Bitcoin will ultimately rise is not the same thing as having enough cash to survive until it does.

The bear market exposed that vulnerability across the DAT universe. 

That may explain why the industry’s survivors are increasingly talking less about being Bitcoin holders and more about being operating companies. Sora’s Chang said his firm’s original thesis was never that “you just buy Bitcoin and that’s enough.” Instead, Bitcoin was meant to be a reserve asset supporting businesses capable of generating revenue.

“We’re going to eventually see an evolution where we move away from calling them DATs,” Sora's Chang said. “And Bitcoin or other digital assets on the balance sheet just become part of a normal treasury operation.”

That could be the real test of the treasury-company experiment. If the bear market persists, the winners may not be the companies that accumulate the most Bitcoin, but those that can build enough cash flow, licenses, acquisitions or other businesses to keep the balance sheet alive until the next bull market arrives.