And then I think our next big priority as a business is, you know, our next M&A target and what we want to bring into the combined business.

And you know we've looked at a variety of deals. We have something that we're really excited about, and I think that's like what's on the immediate horizon.

We're looking at businesses that can help us improve our income and our cash flow at the company. We're looking at businesses that have strategic value to Bitcoin as a whole. So we have been thinking kind of from the framework of like, if we were a sovereign wealth fund for the nation of Bitcoin, what businesses could we own that would give us leverage outside of just you know it's generating income for the business, but it's actually advancing Bitcoin adoption in some capacity or way.

But you know, we're looking at we've looked at businesses that are both in the Bitcoin ecosystem and businesses that are tangential to the Bitcoin industry, but very related.

We had a good quarter this quarter, but it's going to be tough for us to 10x the size of our conference business, for example. So we're looking for other businesses that are scalable, that can help feed income into the business, so that we're constantly able to buy Bitcoin without having to, you know, issue shares or take on debt.

And so we see just a lot of opportunities to bring new businesses into the fold, provide that public liquidity for those founders and to partner with them, and so that's just a place that I think we have a strategic edge, and I we can't control the price of Bitcoin, like we can control building useful products and services.

We are at the end of the day capital allocators, and we think Bitcoin's the best asset possible to hold. So we want as much Bitcoin as possible, and then we're looking for businesses that we think can beat the Bitcoin hurdle rate and can keep up with Bitcoin's growth and can feed a treasury consistently in bull times and bear times.

we would be funding them through stock primarily, but it depends on the dynamics of each deal.

On stock buyback: 

I think our primary focus would be on buying back some of our stock. We're trading at a big discount to our NAV, so as long as our stock is at a discount to NAV, we're going to prioritize the the stock. But yeah, we want to be building our Bitcoin balance sheet as much as possible, and we want to be well positioned for the bull market. I mean, it's really all the upside made in a in a cycle is all made in the in the bull market, and so you just need to be in a position to take take bets and take risk, and cash flow helps you take risk.

DAT of DATs strategy challenged:

In our hedge fund we own all the companies that we've seeded, and you know in general, all but one or two of them are trading at a discount to NAV. So you know, we like the whole complex has been challenged in the same way. But I think they're all going to have the same tailwind when the Bitcoin market comes back. So they're beta on Bitcoin.

210K Capital performance:

it's been a tough market, obviously, but we're outperforming Bitcoin significantly, and that's really our benchmark at the at the fund. And we, I think, we've only reported up until the end of Q2, so June, but we were beating Bitcoin. Bitcoin was down like 16 percent, and we were down eight. So you know, in our industry, that's not bad.

Will never liquidate Nakamoto:

of course not. And I mean, I think you know we've definitely been challenged this year, and I think the market is testing our, let's say, resilience as a management team. But if I were to talk about all the different times that this company has been challenged over the past 15 years, the past year doesn't even make it into the top three list of most challenging.
 
When we look at our company now, we're down we're down a solid amount, but we have hundreds of millions of dollars on our balance sheet. We have you know thriving operating companies, and yeah, absolutely zero plan to to liquidate Nakamoto. I plan on running this thing for the next 35 years.

And I think you know the past year has been tough. I think the next three years ahead are going to be really fantastic. So I'm looking forward.

The worst time for Naka was:I mean, probably the top was when COVID happened and we had to furlough the whole company for a couple months, right when our main conference was happening, and and we had already paid all the costs, but no one was paying us, and the whole market like froze for the world. So that was probably the toughest. Before that, probably the period of time where you know we weren't always a Bitcoin only company. Back in the early days, we did crypto, we did blockchain, and we lost a lot of money in in crypto and blockchain, and so we had to basically be like, okay, what are we doing here? And that's when we decided to go Bitcoin only. But we had to divest. You know, the company was like 100 people at the time. We we had to shrink the company to like 20 people. We divested half of our operating companies and doubled down on this other set of operating companies, and so we've had some hard moments in the the business's history.

Start buying Bitcoin by end of 2026:we've had a couple events that we've made Bitcoin, but it's kind of been offset by us paying off our debt, et cetera. So, like I think last quarter, we made roughly $12 or $14 million of of new capital, but we applied it all towards our debt and our balance sheet. So, but yeah, we want to be buying Bitcoin as as soon as possible, and there'll be news from us in the in the near term future. I think by 2026 year end, we'll be resuming to buy Bitcoin. I mean, we're always cooking up plans. We're like, you know, maybe you don't see it publicly because as a public company, you can't only talk about things when they're done. But our team is locked in, and we've been taking lots of shots. And you know, you got to just keep taking shots. And when the market improves, the your shot hit rate will go up. But yeah, we we plan on buying some more Bitcoin this year.

Trump connection:

I'm a huge fan and loyalist to the president, he's done incredible things for the industry. He followed through on many of his promises, pardoning Ross Ulbricht. So I am forever grateful for what he's contributed to our industry, and he's really changed the global discussion around Bitcoin and digital assets. So, but you know they're very busy with their with the midterm, and they got a lot of other issues on their plate, like war and you know an economy and things other than Bitcoin, not crypto. But they've been hugely receptive, and I think even in the next couple months, you'll probably hear more from the White House on their plans for digital assets and crypto.

Advising is a strong term, informally we talk about this stuff, and I hope that I give them info that's helpful to them. But you know, they make up their own decisions. 

we're focused on our business and on Nakamoto, and we just want to make sure that anything that the government needs to make informed decisions on Bitcoin and Bitcoin policy that were available and were helpful. I didn't haven't spoken to the president in probably two months or a couple months, but I talked to the White House and the chief of staff.

I spoke to President at an event that he hosted the White House. It was a dinner, two months back. It's like the the White House is like a revolving door of interesting people. So I'm sure there's lots of things that are happening there that we're not included in, but and then yeah, we we talked to the White House recently on kind of their midterm strategy and what what they have kind of planned for the Bitcoin community, and so yeah, there we're still a critical part of their coalition, and they want our support in the midterms.

Criticism on folding in companies he founded within Nakamoto:

it was always our plan to merge them in. It's why we structured the transaction how we did. We had to go through an audit process; otherwise, we would have merged them in right at the beginning. And I think we got an, you know, Nakamoto got an incredible deal. You know, because of how the transaction worked, the business was valued. Don't quote me exactly on these numbers because this this is six months old now. But I think the business was valued at around $400 million because of the mechanics of how the transaction worked. We ended up paying about $100 million worth of stock at the time, so it was not a great deal for me personally. But we had to do it because it's why our investors funded the company. It's what we told them we were going to do. And if we didn't do it, we we would have, I mean, materially misled our our shareholders. So I I think you know people who weren't following the Nakamoto story were surprised that those businesses merged in, but for anyone who invested in the pipe or who had been following the company, I mean, it's one of our big differentiators. Like we own this large media company, we own an asset manager, so I think it was a fantastic deal for Nakamoto, and I think it's going to be, you know, kind of the fundamental difference between our business and everyone else is like we have operating businesses that generate real revenue and real income and have a lot of people that work there, etc.

Added:

It's been a very rough year for us. You know, this is my first time being in the operator seat of a of a public issuer, and it's tough. It's a tough job, and I have a lot of respect for all the CEOs that are out there executing every day to make it happen. I think for us the biggest challenge that we've had is we bought Bitcoin at the top, and then Bitcoin performed very poorly. And so we didn't know how long this bear market would last. Hopefully, we've seen the end of the bear market, or we've seen the bottom of the bear market. Maybe not. We'll find out. But  our whole philosophy is like survive the bear markets, thrive in the bull markets.