Mitty Chang, chief growth officer at Sora Ventures:

Sora Vantures, an investor in Metaplanet, Nakamoto and other relatively smaller digital asset treasuries mostly in Asia Pacific is raising $1 billion for its third fund to primarily infuse money into these companies. "Fund III has different portfolios divided into the markets we have listcos in -- we have a Thailand portfolio, a South Korea portfolio, a Hong Kong portfolio. We have separately a Taiwan portfolio, and then a Nasdaq portfolio." "At the high level, they will go towards funding different capital ideas by these listcos in these particular markets."

"We are focused primarily on supporting expanding our different listccos that we've reinvested in. And what I'm most excited about is at this very moment in time is the movement we're seeing with Astra, our Thailand-based list code. If you look at some of the public filings, you'll see that in just less than a year, they've already acquired a custodian license through a car digital. They have announced that they're exploring an asset management license, and through another acquisition, and that's that's two different licenses, which are super hard to get in Thailand, so it's just exciting to see that type of movement from a treasury company. Is where we've been in a space where I think we've really seen the evolution of DATs in general, digital asset treasury companies, going from version 1.0, which is really the question of can a publicly traded company buy and own Bitcoin or digital assets on their balance sheet? Right? Will the market support that? Will regulators support it too? To version 2.0, which is DAT 2.0, is can these companies smartly allocate their capital? Can they use capital instruments? Can they do issue more equity? Can they raise capital this way? And to where we are seeing right now, which is the DAT version 3.0, which is can they make the digital assets on their balance sheet? So it could be Bitcoin, could be something else, but can they make it economically productive? Because the underlining thing is still markets want to see a business plan and a business operation that makes sense, that's profitable, that is more than just digital assets on the balance sheet. You've got to still have an underlying business.

A lot of companies being tested right now that were raising easier capital during the Bitcoin bull market, where they were getting all that accretive capital, and now that we are arguably still in the bear market. I know there's some price changes lately, but arguably still in the bear market, we're now seeing that the companies that are sticking around are the ones that are durable, the ones that actually have either smart capital allocation plans, they can pivot, or they have underlining businesses, and that's key. So 3.0 is really how do you economically be more productive, and do you have a source of business revenue underneath that. Can you use your Bitcoin on the balance sheet, for example, as credit or collateralize that, or can you create new lines of business from that?

In terms of our listed companies, they are all focused on building the underlying businesses right now. So that is our primary focus. 

Sora's never walked into this with the thesis that you just buy Bitcoin and that's enough. Our thesis has always been Bitcoin is a reserve asset on the balance sheet, but we still need to grow the underlying businesses. We've been focused heavily on building those operating businesses underneath. I think that's key. So having a durable business where your shareholders understand that business is still creating revenue, that business is still growing-that's key. I think we're going to eventually see an evolution where we're going to move away from calling them DATs and Bitcoin or other digital assets on the balance sheet just become part of a normal treasury operation.

So we're I think the difference for us is since we're not just a capital allocator and we really are a operator alongside a lot of these listcos we're primarily active in right now. We are not just checking in on them quarterly, but we are regularly in touch with their leadership teams.

Our main focus is how do we support the underlying businesses they're building.

With Astra, we're we're excited that their their plans and what they've already acquired give them these licenses are so hard to obtain in Thailand, and really give them all these fee based business revenue, and then similarly in Bit Planet with in Korea, they've been making some huge strides in terms of diving into Bitcoin mining allocations, and I know their CEO has Paul Lee has talked a lot about pushing that AI and energy narrative, which we're pretty excited to hear as well.

Twenty One Capital CEO Rapha Zagury:

Twenty One Capital has the second largest Bitcoin chest in the world with more than $43,500 of the largest cryptocurrency on its balance sheet now worth nearly $3.5TK billion of which roughly 70% remains unpledged.
   
"I think the way that they're doing is much more akin to how hedge funds allocate capital, where like MicroStrategy and the current Treasury companies, right, where they look for a dislocation and they take advantage of that, right. Very similar to how hedge funds do it, and they're very successful hedge funds out there. Our approach is going to be different. The way we're looking to build our treasury and to give shareholder value in the long term is by finding good operating companies in the Bitcoin ecosystem, right? So the balance sheet is at the center, and we're going to be the Bitcoin operating company looking at solid, profitable, good operating companies that should bring to our balance sheet. Similar, in a sense, what Berkshire Hathway did. That's our model of allocating capital. Is looking at these companies; they're fundamentally very solid, and I think Bitcoin is at the stage now that you can have these opportunities at scale.

So Bitcoin native, that's something that you know would be or Bitcoin related. It for example it could be an energy company because energy is very related to Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining as well.

after the generation, we will hold infrastructure like you know generators. From generators down, it's probably where we we would be. Generators, high voltage transformers, and then then we'll decide what to do with the asset. Most probably it would be to do mining. 

The current the stock is trading at a discount to Gen AB to the Bitcoin that we have in balance sheet. So the market is telling us that there was a misallocation of capital.

I was a financial engineer my whole career, raising capital and leveraging the capital is okay, but it's a transaction, right? The way we're looking at this is much more longer term. You know, by the time that you analyze a company, identify if the company fits in your balance sheet, raise capital. It takes time. It's a much more. You need patience to get you where you need.

first is to identify the opportunities, right, and see, and then we'll identify the size of the opportunity. What is the opportunity, and then how we finance it comes after, because you need to understand what kind of business it is, the size of the business, and then being a public company, we have that advantage. We have all the way from issuing stock, issuing debt, you know, doing self-financing products that go finance with the acquisition."
