Strive comments

With SATA, we are providing a 13% annual return payable daily, every business day. Now, how do we do that? We utilize our balance sheet to do that. So on that 13% interest instrument, we are carving off the excess risk and the excess return, and we're transmuting that to the common stock. Now, this is all a function of the Bitcoin that we hold on our balance sheet. So by doing this, you create two very unique securities. Our common stock is very volatile. it's got a 2x beta to Bitcoin. So that means for every 1% that Bitcoin moves up, our common stock moves up 2%. Now, our perpetual preferred equity has a a beta that's a fraction, that's much smaller than Bitcoin, so it's got a very low volatility. Just yesterday, we traded $25 million of volume, and the instrument moved a single penny, which is crazy. We had an instrument that moved a penny. We paid out a five-cent dividend, and it only moved a penny. So that's a very fascinating security. It's primarily the design, the architecture of the security. Anytime the price of the instrument goes above 100, we can issue new shares to the market."

So we can kind of tamp down the demand, we can kind of tamp down the price. And when the price falls below, there's a one penny arbitrage opportunity because you know you can go pick up a penny in the market, so we've created liquidity pool of trading interest. Okay, that perpetual preferred security is one of the most liquid perpetual preferred securities in the entire marketplace."

There's about 800 million dollars of SATA outstanding. Okay. Okay. And the average daily trading volume is around 15 million dollars. The average 30-day trading volume. Okay. So that's about it's about 2% So the average daily trading volume is about 2% or the the turnover. It's it's the trading volume relative to the market cap is about 2% All of the other perpetual preferred equities in the entire market have a turnover of around 0.15%."

There may be a point in time where you know you may issue equity that is technically dilutive to boost the credit quality of the preferred, or to opportunistically buy Bitcoin, or I think the liquidity environment is far more important than the MNAV number that a lot of people get hyped. I think I think it's a far better signal of how these companies are operating, not necessarily this MNAV number that may fluctuate day to day. It may fluctuate by the price of Bitcoin, and they fluctuate by capital markets activities, and they fluctuate based on the credit. It's not the best metric for understanding these companies"

We don't need Bitcoin to go up 13% to pay the dividend further. We need our balance sheet to go up 5.6% to go to be able to pay the dividend. Now we're underwriting Bitcoin to a much higher compound annual growth rate than 5.6%, we're underwriting Bitcoin to a 25% to 35% compound annual growth rate into the future."

Our daily dividend obligation is $420,000. Our common stock traded $260 million yesterday. I need to raise $420,000, and my common stock traded $280 million."