Speaker 1 0:00
When I joined 21, so I've been at the board of the company for now for six months, right? So I've seen the company progress, and I've been very critical of the traditional treasury model for for a while, which I think it's fine, but it's looking for dislocations in the market, right? It's more again. We're all doing capital allocation. I think the way that they're doing is much more akin to how hedge funds allocate capital, where like MicroStrategy and the current Treasury companies, right, where they look for a dislocation and they take advantage of that, right. Very similar to how hedge funds do it, and they're very successful hedge funds out there. Our approach is going to be different. The way we're looking to build our treasury and to give shareholder value in the long term is by finding good operating companies in the Bitcoin ecosystem, right? So the balance sheet is at the center, and we're going to be the Bitcoin operating company looking at solid, profitable, good operating companies that should bring to our balance sheet, right? Similar, in a sense, what Berkshire Hatway did, right? That's our model of allocating capital. Is looking at these companies; they're fundamentally very solid, and I think Bitcoin is at the stage now that you can have these opportunities at scale.

Speaker 2 1:17
What do you mean at the stage?

Speaker 1 1:19
Yeah, because now with the I think starting last year, right, with ETFs coming in, more institutionalization of the asset, more people knowing the asset, right, it opened the doors for several other things that we didn't have access before. I've been in Bitcoin for more than 10 years, and I come from Wall Street traditionally. It was very hard for a long time to have a conversation around Bitcoin. People were just-they wouldn't even listen, and I think it's changing a tone, particularly in the last year, year and a half, right? And what did that represent is that now things like securitization of assets, right, even lending against Bitcoin, right, and other things like that are possible that they weren't profitable. So what

Speaker 2 2:02
will you what will you in this like? What are the kind kind of companies you want to buy out different companies, operating companies, and if that what kind of companies would those be?

Speaker 1 2:12
So Bitcoin native, that's something that you know would be or Bitcoin related. It for example it could be an energy company because energy is very related to Bitcoin and Bitcoin mining as well.

Speaker 2 2:24
Energy meaning data center or just

Speaker 1 2:26
energy assets even before the data center, right? We do. I started Electron. Electron is one of the largest Bitcoin mining companies. We have you know more than 20 sites around the world, around 5% of the the Bitcoin network, so it's extremely big, large. So energy

Speaker 2 2:45
meaning Bitcoin mining companies specifically,

Speaker 1 2:47
and energy assets as well. Assets meaning meaning the power generation assets being closer to power.

Speaker 2 2:55
So fields or the the land or or the infrastructure. What exactly do you mean mass?

Speaker 1 3:01
Yeah. So not on the generation side, but after the generation, we will hold infrastructure like you know generators. From generators down, it's probably where we we would be. Generators, high voltage transformers, and then then we'll decide what to do with the asset, right? Most probably it would be to do mining. Mining is still a very profitable business. That's the the one thing that people don't don't understand. If you have the right access to capital, if you have the right machines, which are you know latest generation efficient machines, the unit economic of these machines are still extremely profitable. Like newer S21s, S23 machines, for example, they mine Bitcoin at you know depending of course on the cost of power, but anywhere between 20 to $30,000 per Bitcoin. So if you can keep your cost structure lean, well structured, having access to cheap power, you can have a massive advantage on mining. It's still a very profitable business.

Speaker 2 4:01
Got it. Could you then? I mean, sorry, if you can just elaborate a little bit about the kind of businesses you mentioned-power generators, transformers, this kind of this kind, basically, which will help to mine Bitcoin.

Speaker 1 4:12
Exactly.

Speaker 2 4:13
And apart from that, what else are you? I mean, you you would want mining companies, Bitcoin

Speaker 1 4:18
mining companies. Definitely, we announced the intention to do a deal with Electron, which is my company. So Electron may become part of 21, depending on how it progresses. Other Bitcoin-native companies. So we're looking at you know anything from exchanges, lending companies, other mining companies, right? And this was my point at the beginning. I think if we looked back three years ago, we couldn't really find enough companies to invest. You could at small scale; it was more like you know a venture capital market. Now it's more like a private equity market where you actually can get access at scale to some some of these opportunities, and even more important opportunities that can scale further because then, with our access to capital, right, we could inject capital into these companies and actually unleash more growth towards what they they are doing. How

Speaker 2 5:08
much capital do you plan to inject or set aside for this kind of acquisitions, and where will you get that capital from?

Speaker 1 5:14
Yeah, so we don't have exact numbers, right? I think that will depend on the opportunity from from time to time. What I can tell is that we have 43,000 plus bitcoins in our balance sheet, right? And that's kind of like the foundation of how we're going to be operating, and the way that we're going to structure, depending on where we are, we could issue debt. The good thing about having operating companies is that operating companies they have cash flow, and then you can securitize that cash flow against that, and issue much cheaper debt than just against an asset, against the credit worthiness of the business, right? So after we set that portfolio, like as I was saying, energy infrastructure, for example, that's self-financing. We could finance an acquisition of an energy asset because it's a physical asset, right? And that those assets have been financed for for decades.

Speaker 2 6:07
So you mean to say, like, when you first you will acquire companies from your balance sheet by selling Bitcoin, or will you raise the money first and then through debt? I mean, what is the sequence of the capital confusion? Yeah,

Speaker 1 6:20
first is to identify the opportunities, right, and see, and then we'll identify the size of the opportunity. What is the opportunity, and then how we finance it comes after, because you need to understand what kind of business it is, the size of the business, and then being a public company, we have that advantage. We have all the way from issuing stock, issuing debt, you know, doing self-financing products that go finance with the acquisition, right? There's a quiver of alternatives for us after that. Most important thing for us is not, you know, how we finance. Is that looking a step further and thinking how do we optimize and maximize shareholder value? That's our ultimate goal, right? And by bringing these assets in, you know, the first analysis is this asset accretive through what we have in Bitcoin, and if the answer is yes, then we think about the financing and how we're going to do it, right? And then we go back and say, okay, if after the financing it works out, then it's an asset that definitely we want to add short. Starting

Speaker 2 7:17
back from the point that you actually started, which is that these companies are working like hedge funds, the the classic debt that that that started with. So, what do you think really went wrong with 21 Capital initially before you took over, which you want to correct? Like, what didn't work?

Speaker 1 7:36
Yeah, listen, I can tell you what the market is telling us, right? The current the stock is trading at a discount to Gen AB to the Bitcoin that we have in balance sheet. So the market is telling us that there was a misallocation of capital, right? What I can focus now is on the future, right? And I think the way that we're looking to allocate the capital in the future, it's and our idea is to maximize shareholder value, right? And I think with time the market will see that you know this is a very profitable way to to allocate capital that will add shareholder value that will actually Bitcoin is the standard right so if we can't beat Bitcoin you know that that's what should be guiding our our decisions so the guiding

Speaker 2 8:16
guiding signal is basically understand what the market is saying through the share price and then turn. I mean, do something different in terms of actual cash flow for the instead of tapping the market, keeping on tapping the market. Correct. Is that the percent?

Speaker 1 8:29
That's exactly right. It's a. It's

Speaker 2 8:31
the climbing leads,

Speaker 1 8:33
sir. It's a much harder business to do, right? Raising cap. And I came come from Wall Street. I was a financial engineer my whole career, raising capital and leveraging the capital is okay, but it's a transaction, right? The way we're looking at this is much more longer term. You know, by the time that you analyze a company, identify if the company fits in your balance sheet, raise capital, right? It takes time. It's a much more. You need patience to get you where you need, and it is going to take time for us to show to our shareholders that that's where it's a very

Speaker 2 9:06
interesting comment that you're making. I know I'm aware of the time. I mean, maybe we have 10 more. 940 is your hit, right? Okay. Last question, then I'll keep it. Sorry, I wanted to kind of step back. No, no, no, it's fine. I know understand your. I mean, because you raise a very pertinent question about the state of dads. Like you know, it's not just 21; it's about everybody. So I was just about to come to that, but it's fine. We can leave that for now. How many, how many, how many companies do you have in your mind as a vision? Like that will help be accretive to the shares eventually.

Speaker 1 9:38
The universe is bigger than what I thought, and I'll tell. Like after we announced what we're looking, because I came out, you know, we told our plan to the market of what we're looking to do, and we specifically said that M&A is going to be a core focus of what we do, and particularly because we're in the bear market, I think there are a ton of opportunities out there. It's a much bigger, you know, set than I thought it was going to be. It doesn't mean we'll do a lot of transactions. I think our focus should do one transaction every six months or so. The first one was the intention of the first one was announced, which is Electron. As I said, it's one of the largest. It's the probably today the second largest mining company in the world, as I told you, it's around 5% of the Bitcoin network. So you can have you set

Speaker 2 10:26
aside any money for that, like any acquisition money? Yeah.

Speaker 1 10:29
So the company, it's probably going to be. I don't know if I can say this, but we can just do potentially stock for stock transactions. Oh, so and a lot of think that the Bitcoin native companies right now they would be interested in stock by stock transaction, and then for us when we have these conversations, right? Because then the obvious question is, would you issue stock at the current discount? Is to go back to the company and say, yeah, we will do a transaction, assuming that the stock value is priced at an AV at parity, right, and we are having some of these conversations right now, which my hope is that is that that that will show to the market. So most

Speaker 2 11:10
of it will be funded by a stock kind of stock cash kind of a thing. I wouldn't say most because

Speaker 1 11:14
we don't know, right? It depends on the on who's so. Yeah,

Speaker 3 11:17
we have to run. Yes,

Speaker 2 11:18
yes, but thank you. You have my

Speaker 4 11:20
contact. Yes, but this is

Speaker 2 11:21
really help. Yeah, I will, and I will be in touch. But this.