--- PAGE 1 ---
 
As ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 29, 2026
Registration No. 333-     
 
UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
 
 
 
FORM F-3
REGISTRATION STATEMENT
UNDER
THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
 
 
 
Metalpha Technology Holding Limited
(Exact name of Registrant as speciﬁed in its charter)
 
Not Applicable
(Translation of Registrant’s name into English)
 
 
 
Cayman Islands   Not Applicable
(State or other jurisdiction of
incorporation or organization)
  (I.R.S. Employer
Identiﬁcation Number)
 
Suite 5506-07, Central Plaza
18 Harbour Road, Wan Chai
Hong Kong, China
(+852) 3565-2920
(Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of Registrant’s principal executive oﬃces)
 
Cogency Global Inc.
122 East 42nd Street, 18th Floor
New York, NY 10168
(212) 947-7200
(Name, address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of agent for service)
 
 
 Copies to:
 
Will H. Cai, Esq.
Cooley LLP
c/o 35/F Two Exchange Square
8 Connaught Place
Central, Hong Kong
+852 3758-1210
 
 
 
Approximate date of commencement of proposed sale to the public: From time to time on or after the
eﬀective date of this registration statement.
 
 
--- PAGE 2 ---
 
 
If only securities being registered on this Form are being oﬀered pursuant to dividend or interest reinvestment
plans, please check the following box. ☐
 
If any of the securities being registered on this Form are to be oﬀered on a delayed or continuous basis pursuant to
Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, check the following box: ☒
 
If this Form is ﬁled to register additional securities for an oﬀering pursuant to Rule 462(b) under the Securities Act,
check the following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier eﬀective registration
statement for the same oﬀering: ☐
 
If this Form is a post-eﬀective amendment ﬁled pursuant to Rule 462(c) under the Securities Act, check the
following box and list the Securities Act registration statement number of the earlier eﬀective registration statement
for the same oﬀering. ☐
 
If this Form is a registration statement pursuant to General Instruction I.C. or a post-eﬀective amendment thereto
that shall become eﬀective upon ﬁling with the Commission pursuant to Rule 462(e) under the Securities Act, check the
following box. ☐
 
If this Form is a post-eﬀective amendment to a registration statement ﬁled pursuant to General Instruction I.C. ﬁled
to register additional securities or additional classes of securities pursuant to Rule 413(b) under the Securities Act,
check the following box. ☐
 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth company as deﬁned in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act of 1933. Emerging growth company ☐
 
If an emerging growth company that prepares its ﬁnancial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate by
check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or
revised ﬁnancial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. ☐
 
† The term “new or revised ﬁnancial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codiﬁcation after April 5, 2012.
 
The registrant hereby amends this registration statement on such date or dates as may be necessary to delay its
eﬀective date until the registrant shall ﬁle a further amendment which speciﬁcally states that this registration
statement shall thereafter become eﬀective in accordance with section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or until the
registration statement shall become eﬀective on such date as the Commission acting pursuant to said section 8(a),
may determine.
 
 
 
--- PAGE 3 ---
 
 
The information in this prospectus is not complete and may be changed. These securities may not be
sold until the registration statement ﬁled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is eﬀective.
This prospectus is not an oﬀer to sell and is not soliciting an oﬀer to buy the securities in any jurisdiction
where the oﬀer or sale is not permitted.
 
Subject to Completion, dated June 29, 2026.
 
Prospectus
 
Metalpha Technology Holding Limited
15,453,364 Ordinary Shares
 
This prospectus relates to the oﬀer and resale from time to time of up to 15,453,364 ordinary shares (the “Shares”),
par value US$0.0001 per share (the “Ordinary Shares”), by the selling securityholders named herein, together with any
additional selling securityholders listed in a prospectus supplement (together with any of such securityholders’
transferees, pledgees, donees or successors, the “Selling Securityholders”), which consists of (i) 3,908,700 Ordinary
Shares issued pursuant to those certain Subscription Agreements dated as of October 30, 2025 (the “Subscription
Agreements”) by and between the Company and investors party thereto, (ii) 6,924,664 Ordinary Shares previously
issued to certain holders pursuant to the Company’s equity incentive plans, cashless exercises of warrants,
management entry options and other prior issuances, as further described herein, and (iii) 4,620,000 Ordinary Shares
issuable upon exercise of warrants previously issued by the Company to certain holders (the “Warrants”), as further
described herein.
 
We are ﬁling a Registration Statement on Form F-3, of which this prospectus forms a part, to fulﬁll our contractual
obligations pursuant to the Subscription Agreements, the Warrants and/or related agreements. See “Selling
Securityholders” beginning on page 23 of this prospectus for more information about the Selling Securityholders. The
registration of the Shares to which this prospectus relates does not require the Selling Securityholders to sell any of
their Shares.
 
We are not selling any Ordinary Shares under this prospectus and will not receive any proceeds from the sale by
the Selling Securityholders of the Shares.
 
The Selling Securityholders may oﬀer and sell or otherwise dispose of the Shares described in this prospectus from
time to time through public or private transactions at prevailing market prices, at prices related to prevailing market
prices or at privately negotiated prices. The Selling Securityholders will pay any underwriting discounts and
commissions and expenses incurred by the Selling Securityholders for brokerage, accounting, tax or legal services or
any other expenses incurred by the Selling Securityholders in disposing of the securities. We will bear all other costs,
fees and expenses incurred in eﬀecting the registration of the securities covered by this prospectus, including, without
limitation, all registration and ﬁling fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public
accountants. See “Plan of Distribution” beginning on page 27 for more information about how the Selling
Securityholders may sell or dispose of their Shares.
 
Our Ordinary Shares are currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “MATH.” On
June 26, 2026, the closing price of our Ordinary Shares was US$0.961 per share.
 
Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. See the section titled “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 6 of this prospectus and, if applicable, any risk factors described in any applicable
prospectus supplement and in our U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) ﬁlings that are
incorporated by reference in this prospectus.
 
None of the SEC or any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities or
determined if this prospectus is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
oﬀense.
 
The date of this prospectus is     , 2026.
 
 
--- PAGE 4 ---
 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
  Page
   
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS ii
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS iii
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 1
THE OFFERING 5
RISK FACTORS 6
USE OF PROCEEDS 7
DIVIDEND POLICY 8
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 9
SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS 23
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION 27
EXPENSES RELATED TO THE OFFERING 31
LEGAL MATTERS 32
EXPERTS 33
ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITY 34
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 36
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 36
 
i 
--- PAGE 5 ---
 
 
ABOUT THIS PROSPECTUS
 
This prospectus is a part of a registration statement that we ﬁled with the SEC using a “shelf” registration process.
Under this shelf registration process, the Selling Securityholders may from time to time sell our Ordinary Shares
described in this prospectus in one or more oﬀerings or otherwise as described under “Plan of Distribution.”
 
You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus, any amendment or supplement to this
prospectus or any free writing prospectus prepared by us or on our behalf. Any amendment or supplement may also
add, update or change information included in this prospectus. Any statement contained in this prospectus will be
deemed to be modiﬁed or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in such
amendment or supplement modiﬁes or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modiﬁed will be deemed to
constitute a part of this prospectus only as so modiﬁed, and any statement so superseded will be deemed not to
constitute a part of this prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information.”
 
Neither we nor the Selling Securityholders have authorized any other person to provide you with diﬀerent or
additional information. Neither we nor the Selling Securityholders take responsibility for, nor can we provide assurance
as to the reliability of, any other information that others may provide. The information contained in this prospectus is
accurate only as of the date of this prospectus or such other date stated in this prospectus, and our business, ﬁnancial
condition, results of operations and/or prospects may have changed since those dates. This prospectus contains
summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the documents described in this prospectus, but reference is
made to the actual documents for complete information. All of the summaries are qualiﬁed in their entirety by the
actual documents. Copies of some of the documents referred to in this prospectus have been ﬁled, will be ﬁled or will
be incorporated by reference as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part, and you may
obtain copies of those documents as described under “Where You Can Find More Information.”
 
Neither we nor the Selling Securityholders are making an oﬀer to sell these securities in any jurisdiction where the
oﬀer or sale is not permitted. Except as otherwise set forth in this prospectus, neither we nor the Selling
Securityholders have taken any action to permit a public oﬀering of these securities outside the United States or to
permit the possession or distribution of this prospectus outside the United States. Persons outside the United States
who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about and observe any restrictions relating to
the oﬀering of these securities and the distribution of this prospectus outside the United States.
 
For investors outside the United States: Neither we nor any underwriters, dealers or agents have
taken any action that would permit the oﬀering or possession or distribution of this prospectus in any
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required, other than in the United States. Persons outside
the United States who come into possession of this prospectus must inform themselves about, and
observe any restrictions relating to, the oﬀering of the securities described herein and the distribution of
this prospectus outside the United States.
 
We have proprietary rights to trademarks used in this prospectus that are important to our business, many of which
are registered (or pending registration) under applicable intellectual property laws. This prospectus contains references
to trademarks, trade names and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade
names and service marks referred to in this prospectus may appear without the ® or TM symbols, but such references
are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under
applicable law, its rights to these trademarks, trade names and service marks. We do not intend our use or display of
other companies’ trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or
sponsorship of us by, any other companies.
 
ii 
--- PAGE 6 ---
 
 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 
This prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus contain forward-looking
statements that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the
“PSLRA”) provides safe harbor protections for forward-looking statements in order to encourage companies to provide
prospective information about their business. Forward-looking statements include, without limitation, our expectations
concerning the outlook for our business, productivity, plans and goals for future operational improvements and capital
investments, operational performance, future market conditions or economic performance and developments in the
capital and credit markets and expected future ﬁnancial performance, as well as any information concerning possible
or assumed future results of operations.
 
We will take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the PSLRA and are including this cautionary statement in
connection with this safe harbor legislation. All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this
prospectus, including statements regarding our future ﬁnancial position, business strategy and plans and objectives of
management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking
statements by words such as “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“seek,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “may,” “target,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will
likely result,” or similar expressions that predict or indicate future events or trends or that are not statements of
historical matters.
 
Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions, and actual results or events
may diﬀer materially from those implied in those statements. Important factors that could cause such diﬀerences
include, but are not limited to:
 
● future ﬁnancial and operating results, including revenues, income, expenditures, cash balances and other
ﬁnancial items;
 
● our ability to execute our growth, expansion and acquisition strategies, including our ability to meet our goals;
 
● current and future economic and political conditions;
 
● our expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our services and the services with which we
assist in the distributions;
 
● our expectations regarding our client base;
 
● our ability to procure the applicable regulatory licenses in the relevant jurisdictions in which we operate;
 
● competition in our industry;
 
● relevant government policies and regulations relating to our industry;
 
● our capital requirements and our ability to raise any additional ﬁnancing which we may require;
 
iii 
--- PAGE 7 ---
 
 
● our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and secure the right to use other intellectual property that
we deem to be essential or desirable to the conduct of business;
 
● our ability to hire and retain qualiﬁed management personnel and key employees in order to enable us to
develop our business;
 
● overall industry and market performance;
 
● the spread of COVID-19 and its new variants;
 
● other assumptions described in this prospectus underlying or relating to any forward-looking statements; and
 
● other matters described in the section titled “Item 3.D. – Risk Factors” in our most recent annual report on Form
20-F for the ﬁscal year ended March 31, 2025, ﬁled with the SEC on July 30, 2025, incorporated herein by
reference.
 
We caution you not to rely on forward-looking statements, which reﬂect current beliefs and are based on
information currently available as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. Forward-looking statements set
forth herein speak only as of the date of this prospectus. We undertake no obligation to revise forward-looking
statements to reﬂect future events, changes in circumstances or changes in beliefs except to the extent required by
law. In the event that any forward-looking statement is updated, no inference should be made that we will make
additional updates with respect to that statement, related matters, or any other forward-looking statements except to
the extent required by law. You should read this prospectus, the documents incorporated by reference in this
prospectus and the documents that we have ﬁled as exhibits to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a
part completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially diﬀerent from what we
expect. Any corrections or revisions and other important assumptions and factors that could cause actual results to
diﬀer materially from forward-looking statements, including discussions of signiﬁcant risk factors, may appear in our
public ﬁlings with the SEC, which are or will be (as appropriate) accessible at www.sec.gov, and which you are advised
to consult. For additional information, see the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information.”
 
Market, ranking and industry data used throughout this prospectus, including statements regarding market size and
technology adoption rates, is based on the good faith estimates of our management, which in turn are based upon our
management’s review of internal surveys, independent industry surveys and publications and other third-party
research and publicly available information. These data involve a number of assumptions and limitations, and you are
cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding the
industry data presented herein, its estimates involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on
various factors.
 
iv 
--- PAGE 8 ---
 
 
PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 
This summary highlights selected information contained elsewhere in this prospectus and in
the documents we incorporate by reference. This summary does not contain all of the information
you should consider before making an investment decision. You should read this entire
prospectus carefully, especially the risks discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 6 of this prospectus, along with our consolidated financial statements and
notes to those consolidated financial statements and the other information incorporated by
reference in this prospectus.
 
The Company
 
Our primary business operation centers around blockchain and trading technology solution services, which we
oﬀer through our subsidiaries. We initiated digital asset-focused management services in December 2021 and
generate income primarily from cryptocurrency-related transactions, which includes the issuance of derivative
solutions to over-the-counter (“OTC”) clients and our proprietary trading activities. In the ﬁscal years ended March
31, 2024 and 2025, we partnered with a leading crypto exchange to provide crypto derivative market making
services for our clients, facilitating the trading of crypto derivative solutions. In addition, to meet their diverse digital
asset management demands, we also oﬀer certain clients customized derivative solutions. For the ﬁscal years
ended March 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025, the income from our digital asset management services accounted for
approximately 93.8%, 100% and 88.8% of our total income for the same ﬁscal years, respectively.
 
On February 9, 2026, we announced that our board of directors has adopted a BTC allocation plan up to 20% of
our annual net proﬁt. For the current period, the authorized allocation quota is approximately US$3.2 million, 20% of
our net proﬁt of US$15.9 million as reported in our Annual Report on Form 20-F for the ﬁscal year ended March 31,
2025. We executed our initial purchase on February 9, 2026, with a total notional investment of approximately US$1
million. This initial tranche was traded via the Company’s proprietary Accumulator structure at an average price of
approximately US$54,000 per Bitcoin.
 
Summary of Risk Factors
 
Investing in our Ordinary Shares involves signiﬁcant risks. You should carefully consider all of the information in
this prospectus before making an investment in our Ordinary Shares. Below please ﬁnd a summary of the principal
risks we face, organized under relevant headings. These risks are discussed more fully below in this section. 
Risks Related to Business and Industry
 
Risks and uncertainties related to our business and industries include, but are not limited to, the following:
 
● We have a limited operating history and are subject to the risks encountered by early-stage companies;
 
● We may need additional capital to fund our future operations and, if it is not available when needed, we may
need to reduce our planned expansion and marketing eﬀorts, which may reduce our income;
 
● Our wealth management business is subject to customer concentration risk;
 
● We rely on certain related party for products subscription, and any shortage or interruption in subscription
could slow our growth and reduce our proﬁtability;
 
● Our business operations signiﬁcantly depend on several key partners in the crypto industry for trading and
asset custody. If these key partners experience operational disruptions due to mismanagement or regulatory
sanctions resulting from non-compliance, their services may be interrupted or we may lose our assets which
materially and adversely aﬀect our business operations, ﬁnancial condition and future growth;
 
1 
--- PAGE 9 ---
 
 
● We are subject to a highly evolving regulatory landscape and any adverse changes to, or our failure to
comply with, any laws and regulations could adversely aﬀect our business, reputation, prospects or
operations; and
 
● The loss or destruction of private keys required to access any digital assets held by us may be irreversible. If
we are unable to access our private keys or if we experience a hack or other data loss relating to our ability
to access any digital assets, it could cause regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, and other losses. 
Risks Related to Doing Business in Jurisdictions Where We Operate
 
Risks and uncertainties related to doing business in jurisdictions we operate include, but are not limited to, the
following:
 
● A downturn in the Hong Kong, China or global economy, and economic and political policies of China could
materially and adversely aﬀect our business and ﬁnancial condition;
 
● The Hong Kong legal system embodies uncertainties which could limit the legal protections available to us;
 
● Hong Kong laws and regulations related to the cryptocurrency business is still under development and
subject to signiﬁcant changes, and any potential changes in the legal and regulatory landscape may
adversely aﬀect our business ﬁnancial condition and future expansion;
 
● Hong Kong regulatory requirement of prior approval for transfer of shares in excess of certain threshold may
restrict future takeovers and other transactions; and
 
● You may experience diﬃculties in eﬀecting service of legal process, enforcing foreign judgments, or bringing
actions in Hong Kong and China against us or our management named in this prospectus based on foreign
laws. It may also be diﬃcult for you or overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence
within Hong Kong and China. 
Risks Relating to Our Ordinary Shares and the Trading Market
 
Risks and uncertainties related to our Ordinary Shares and the trading market include, but are not limited to, the
following:
 
● If we become directly subject to the scrutiny, criticism, and negative publicity involving U.S.-listed Chinese
companies, we may have to expend signiﬁcant resources to investigate and resolve the matter which could
harm our business operations, stock price and reputation;
 
● The joint statement by the SEC and the PCAOB, rule changes by Nasdaq, and the Holding Foreign Companies
Accountable Act all call for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market
companies upon assessing the qualiﬁcation of their auditors, especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not
inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to our continued listing or future
oﬀerings of our securities in the U.S.;
 
● The market price of our Ordinary Shares may be volatile or may decline regardless of our operating
performance;
 
● If we cannot continue to satisfy listing requirements and other rules of Nasdaq Capital Market, although we
are exempt from certain corporate governance standards applicable to U.S. issuers as a Foreign Private
Issuer, our securities may be delisted, which could negatively impact the price of our securities and your
ability to sell them; and
 
● We have a substantial number of warrants outstanding. The exercise of our outstanding warrants can have a
dilutive eﬀect on our Ordinary Shares. 
2 
--- PAGE 10 ---
 
 
Risks Related to the Offering
 
● A substantial number of our Ordinary Shares may be sold in the market following the eﬀective date of the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, which may depress the market price for our
Ordinary Shares.
 
Foreign Private Issuer
 
We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Exchange Act. As such, even after we
no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, as long as we qualify as a foreign private issuer under the
Exchange Act we are exempt from certain provisions of the Exchange Act that are applicable to U.S. domestic public
companies. For example:
 
● we are not required to provide as many Exchange Act reports, or as frequently, as a domestic public
company;
 
● for interim reporting, we are permitted to comply solely with our home country requirements, which are less
rigorous than the rules that apply to domestic public companies;
 
● we are not required to provide the same level of disclosure on certain issues, such as executive
compensation;
 
● we are exempt from provisions of Regulation FD aimed at preventing issuers from making selective
disclosures of material information;
 
● we are not required to comply with the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies,
consents or authorizations in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act; and
 
● we are not required to comply with Section 16 of the Exchange Act requiring principal shareholders to ﬁle
public reports of their stock ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who proﬁt from trades
made in a short period of time.
 
Corporate Information
 
Metalpha Technology Holding Limited is a Cayman Islands holding company. It does not engage in operations
itself but rather conducts its operations through its subsidiaries incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, Panama
and Hong Kong. We were incorporated in the Cayman Islands on June 19, 2015. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Sweet
Lollipop Co., Ltd., was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on May 8, 2014. Metalpha Holding (HK) Limited was
incorporated in Hong Kong on May 2, 2015. Metalpha Limited was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands on
October 29, 2021. In November 2022, we changed our corporate name from Dragon Victory International Limited to
Metalpha Technology Holding Limited.
 
Our primary business operation centers around blockchain and trading technology solution services, which we
oﬀer through our subsidiaries. In addition, our Hong Kong subsidiary, LSQ Capital Limited, is licensed by SFC to
provide securities advising and asset management services in Hong Kong. Before the completion of the disposition
in March 2023, we, through certain operating entities in the PRC, also provided the supply chain management
platform services to several auto parts suppliers and one auto parts logistics company in China.
 
Metalpha’s address is Suite 5506-07, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong, China (+852) 3565-
2920.
 
Conventions that Apply to this Prospectus
 
In this prospectus, except where the context otherwise requires and for purposes of this prospectus only:
 
● “China” or “PRC” refers to the People’s Republic of China and only when this prospectus refers to speciﬁc
laws and regulations adopted by the PRC, excludes Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan;
 
3 
--- PAGE 11 ---
 
 
● “IFRS” refers to the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board;
 
● “HKD” or “HK$” refers to the legal currency of Hong Kong;
 
● “Company,” “Metalpha,” “we,” “us,” “our company” or “our” refers to Metalpha Technology Holding Limited,
a Cayman Islands holding company, and its subsidiaries;
 
● “Meta Rich” refers to Meta Rich Limited, a business company limited by shares incorporated under the laws
of the British Virgin Islands and a wholly owned subsidiary of Sweet Lollipop;
 
● “Metalpha HK” refers to Metalpha Holding (HK) Limited (formerly known as Longyun International Holdings
Limited), a private company limited by shares incorporated under the laws of Hong Kong and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Sweet Lollipop;
 
● “Memorandum and Articles of Association” refers to Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association of the Company.
 
● “Northstar Digital Holding” refers to Northstar Digital Holding Limited, formerly known as Antalpha Holdings
Limited, a business company incorporated under the laws of British Virgin Islands, and/or its subsidiaries,
including but not limited to Northstar Technologies Holdings Limited, formerly known as Armada
Technologies Holdings Limited before July 19, 2024 and Antalpha Technologies Holdings Limited before
November 30, 2023, and Polaris Technologies Group Limited, formerly known as Antalpha Technologies
Limited;
 
● “PCAOB” refers to the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board;
 
● “RMB” or “Renminbi” refers to the legal currency of China;
 
● “SEC” refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;
 
● “SFC” refers to Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong;
 
● “shares,” “Shares,” or “Ordinary Shares” refers to the ordinary shares, par value US$0.0001 per share, of
Metalpha Technology Holding Limited;
 
● “Sweet Lollipop” refers to Sweet Lollipop Co., Ltd., a business company limited by shares incorporated under
the laws of the British Virgin Islands and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Metalpha Technology Holding Limited;
and
 
● “transaction size” refers to the total amount paid by our customers for the derivative products that were
traded with us in a given period;
 
● “U.S. dollars,” “US$,” “$,” or “dollars” refers to the legal currency of the United States.
 
Unless otherwise stated, the conversions between U.S. dollars and Hong Kong dollars were made at the rate of
HK$7.7799 to US$1.00, the exchange rate on March 31, 2025 set forth in the H.10 statistical release of The Board of
Governors of the Federal Reserve Board. We make no representation that any Hong Kong dollars or U.S. dollar
amounts could have been, or could be, converted into U.S. dollars or Hong Kong dollars, as the case may be, at any
particular rate, or at all. Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of amounts listed therein are due to
rounding.
 
4 
--- PAGE 12 ---
 
 
THE OFFERING 
The summary below describes the principal terms of the offering. Please refer to the section
“Description of Securities” in this prospectus for a more detailed description of our
securities.
 
Shares oﬀered by the Selling Securityholders  15,453,364 Ordinary Shares, consisting of (i) 3,908,700 Ordinary
Shares issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreements by and
between the Company and investors party thereto, (ii) 6,924,664
Ordinary Shares previously issued to certain holders pursuant to the
Company’s equity incentive plans, cashless exercises of warrants,
management entry options and other prior issuances, and (iii)
4,620,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants
previously issued by the Company to certain holders.
    
Plan of Distribution  The Selling Securityholders will determine when and how they will
sell the Shares oﬀered in this prospectus, as described in the “Plan
of Distribution” section.
    
Use of Proceeds  We will not receive any proceeds from the sale of the Shares. We
will, however, receive the exercise price per share for any cash
exercises of the Warrants.
    
Risk Factors  You should read the “Risk Factors” section beginning on page 6 for a
discussion of factors to consider carefully before deciding to
purchase the Shares.
    
The Nasdaq Capital Market Symbol  MATH
 
5 
--- PAGE 13 ---
 
 
RISK FACTORS
 
Investing in our securities involves risk. Before making a decision to invest in our securities, you should carefully
consider the risks described in the section titled “Risk Factors” in the applicable prospectus supplement and in our
then-most recent annual report on Form 20-F, and any updates to those risk factors in our reports on Form 6-K
incorporated by reference in this prospectus, together with all of the other information appearing or incorporated by
reference in this prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement, in light of your particular investment
objectives and ﬁnancial circumstances. Although we discuss key risks in our discussion of risk factors, new risks may
emerge in the future, which may prove to be signiﬁcant. We cannot predict future risks or estimate the extent to which
they may aﬀect our business, results of operations, ﬁnancial condition and prospects. The trading price of our
securities could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
 
Risks Related to the Oﬀering 
A substantial number of our Ordinary Shares may be sold in the market following the effective
date of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, which may depress the
market price for our Ordinary Shares.
 
Sales of a substantial number of our Ordinary Shares in the public market following the eﬀective date of the
registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part could cause the market price of our Ordinary Shares to
decline.
 
6 
--- PAGE 14 ---
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS
 
The Selling Securityholders will receive all of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder. Accordingly, we
will not receive any of the proceeds from the sale of the Shares in this oﬀering; we will, however, receive the exercise
price per share for any cash exercises of the Warrants.
 
We will bear the out-of-pocket costs, expenses and fees incurred in connection with the registration of the Shares to
be sold by the Selling Securityholders pursuant to this prospectus. Other than registration expenses, the Selling
Securityholders will bear their own broker or similar commissions payable with respect to sales of the Shares.
 
7 
--- PAGE 15 ---
 
 
DIVIDEND POLICY
 
We intend to keep any future earnings to ﬁnance the expansion of our business, and we do not anticipate that any
cash dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. Under Cayman Islands law, a Cayman Islands company may pay
a dividend on its shares out of either proﬁt or share premium amount, provided that in no circumstances may a
dividend be paid if this would result in the Company being unable to pay its debts due in the ordinary course of
business immediately following the date on which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be paid. If we determine
to pay dividends on any of our Ordinary Shares in the future, as a holding company, we will be dependent on receipt of
funds from our BVI subsidiary, Sweet Lollipop. Cash dividends, if any, on our Ordinary Shares will be paid in U.S.
dollars. See the sections titled “Description of Securities” for additional information.
 
8 
--- PAGE 16 ---
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES
 
We are a Cayman Islands exempted company, and our aﬀairs are governed by our Memorandum and Articles of
Association, the Companies Act (as deﬁned below) and the common law of the Cayman Islands.
 
Our Ordinary Shares are listed on Nasdaq and are registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act. Set forth
below is a description of the rights of the holders of Ordinary Shares.
 
Description of Ordinary Shares
 
The following is a summary of material provisions of our Memorandum and Articles of Association, as well as the
Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands insofar as they relate to the material terms of our Ordinary Shares.
Notwithstanding this, because it is a summary, it may not contain all the information that you may otherwise deem
important. For more complete information, you should read the entirety of our Memorandum and Articles of
Association, which are incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to this registration statement.
 
Type and Class of Securities
 
Each Ordinary Share has par value of US$0.0001 per share. The number of Ordinary Shares that have been issued
as of the last day of the ﬁscal year ended March 31, 2025 is provided on the cover of the annual report on Form 20-F for
that ﬁscal year.
 
Preemptive Rights
 
The Ordinary Shares are not subject to any pre-emptive or similar rights under the Companies Act or pursuant to
the Memorandum and Articles of Association.
 
Limitations or Qualiﬁcations
 
Each Ordinary Share entitles the holder thereof to one vote, unless any Ordinary Share carries special voting rights.
 
Rights of Other Types of Securities
 
Not applicable.
 
Rights of Ordinary Shares 
Ordinary Shares
 
Our share capital is US $50,000 divided into 500,000,000 shares of US$ 0.0001 par value each. There is no limit on
the number of shares of any class which we are authorized to issue. All of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares
are fully paid and non-assessable. Our Ordinary Shares are issued in registered form, and are issued when registered in
our register of members. Each holder of our Ordinary Shares will be entitled to receive a certiﬁcate in respect of such
ordinary shares. 
Dividends
 
Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and any rights for the time being attaching to any class or classes
of shares, the directors may declare dividends or distributions out of our funds which are lawfully available for that
purpose.
 
Subject to the provisions of the Companies Act and any rights for the time being attaching to any class or classes
of shares, our shareholders may, by ordinary resolution, declare dividends but no such dividend shall exceed the
amount recommended by the directors.
 
9 
--- PAGE 17 ---
 
 
Subject to the requirements of the Companies Act regarding the application of a company’s share premium account
and with the sanction of an ordinary resolution, dividends may also be declared and paid out of any share premium
account. The directors when paying dividends to shareholders may make such payment either in cash or other than in
cash.
 
Unless provided by the rights attached to a share, no dividend shall bear interest against us. 
Voting Rights
 
Subject to any rights or restrictions as to voting attached to any shares, unless any share carries special voting
rights, on a show of hands every shareholder who is present in person and every person representing a shareholder by
proxy shall have one vote. On a poll, every shareholder who is present in person and every person representing a
shareholder by proxy shall have one vote for each share of which he or the person represented by proxy is the holder.
In addition, all shareholders holding shares of a particular class are entitled to vote at a meeting of the holders of that
class of shares. Votes may be given either personally or by proxy. 
Calls on Shares and Forfeiture
 
Subject to the terms of allotment, the directors may make calls on the shareholders in respect of any monies
unpaid on their Ordinary Shares including any premium and each shareholder shall (subject to receiving at least
fourteen clear days’ notice specifying when and where payment is to be made), pay to us the amount called on his
shares. The call may provide for payment to be by instalments. Before receipt by the Company of any sum due under a
call, that call may be revoked in whole or in part and payment of a call may be postponed in whole or in part. Where a
call is to be paid in installments, the Company may revoke the call in respect of all or any remaining instalments in
whole or in part and may postpone payment of all or any of the remaining instalments in whole or in part. Shareholders
registered as the joint holders of a share shall be jointly and severally liable to pay all calls in respect of the share. If a
call remains unpaid after it has become due and payable the person from whom it is due and payable shall pay
interest on the amount unpaid from the day it became due and payable until it is paid at the rate ﬁxed by the terms of
allotment of the share or in the notice of the call or if no rate is ﬁxed, at the rate of ten per cent. per annum. The
directors may, at their discretion, waive payment of the interest wholly or in part.
 
We have a ﬁrst and paramount lien on all shares (whether fully paid up or not) registered in the name of a
shareholder (whether solely or jointly with others). The lien is for all monies payable to us by the shareholder or the
shareholder’s estate:
 
(a) either alone or jointly with any other person, whether or not that other person is a shareholder; and
 
(b) whether or not those monies are presently payable.
 
At any time the directors may declare any share to be wholly or partly exempt from the calls and forfeiture
provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association.
 
We may sell, in such manner as the directors may determine, any share over which it has a lien and on which the
sum in respect of which the lien exists is presently payable, if due notice that such sum is payable has been given (as
prescribed by the Memorandum and Articles of Association) and, within fourteen clear days of the date on which the
notice is deemed to be given under the Memorandum and Articles of Association, such notice has not been complied
with. 
General Meetings
 
The Company may, but shall not (unless required by the Companies Act) be obligated to, in each year hold a
general meeting as an annual general meeting. All general meetings other than annual general meetings shall be
called extraordinary general meetings. The directors may call a general meeting at any time. The directors must also
call a general meeting if requisitioned in writing by one or more shareholders who together hold at least ten per cent of
the rights to vote at such general meeting. Should the directors fail to call a general meeting within twenty-one Clear
Days from the date of receipt of a requisition, the requisitioners or any of them may call a general meeting within
three months after the end of that period. 
10 
--- PAGE 18 ---
 
 
Forfeiture or Surrender of Shares
 
If a shareholder fails to pay any call the directors may give to such shareholder not less than fourteen clear days’
notice requiring payment and specifying the amount unpaid including any interest which may have accrued, any
expenses which have been incurred by us due to that person’s default and the place where payment is to be made. The
notice shall also contain a warning that if the notice is not complied with, the shares in respect of which the call is
made will be liable to be forfeited.
 
If such notice is not complied with, the directors may, before the payment required by the notice has been
received, resolve that any share the subject of that notice be forfeited (which forfeiture shall include all dividends or
other monies payable in respect of the forfeited share and not paid before such forfeiture).
 
A forfeited share may be sold, re-allotted or otherwise disposed of on such terms and in such manner as the
directors determine and at any time before a sale, re-allotment or disposition the forfeiture may be cancelled on such
terms as the directors think ﬁt.
 
A person whose shares have been forfeited shall cease to be a shareholder in respect of the forfeited shares and
shall surrender to us for cancellation the certiﬁcate (if any) for the forfeited shares, but shall, notwithstanding such
forfeit, remain liable to pay to us all monies which at the date of forfeiture were payable by him to us in respect of the
shares, together with all expenses and interest from the date of forfeiture or surrender until payment, but his liability
shall cease if and when we receive payment in full of the unpaid amount.
 
A declaration, whether statutory or under oath, made by a director or the secretary shall be conclusive evidence
that the person making the declaration is a director or secretary of us and that the particular shares have been
forfeited or surrendered on a particular date.
 
Subject to the execution of an instrument of transfer, if necessary, the declaration shall constitute good title to the
shares. 
Share Premium Account
 
The directors shall establish a share premium account and shall carry the credit of such account from time to time
to a sum equal to the amount or value of the premium paid on the issue of any share or capital contributed or such
other amounts required by the Companies Act.
 
Redemption and Purchase of Own Shares
 
Subject to the Companies Act and any rights for the time being conferred on the shareholders holding a particular
class of shares, we may by our directors:
 
(a) issue shares that are to be redeemed or liable to be redeemed, at our option or the shareholder holding
those redeemable shares, on the terms and in the manner its directors determine before the issue of those
shares;
 
(b) with the consent by special resolution of the shareholders holding shares of a particular class, vary the
rights attaching to that class of shares so as to provide that those shares are to be redeemed or are liable to
be redeemed at our option on the terms and in the manner which the directors determine at the time of
such variation; and
 
(c) purchase all or any of our own shares of any class including any redeemable shares on the terms and in the
manner which the directors determine at the time of such purchase.
 
11 
--- PAGE 19 ---
 
 
We may make a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of its own shares in any manner authorized by
the Companies Act, including out of any combination of capital, our proﬁts and the proceeds of a fresh issue of shares
made for the purpose of the redemption or purchase.
 
When making a payment in respect of the redemption or purchase of shares, the directors may make the payment
in cash or in specie (or partly in one and partly in the other) if so authorized by the terms of the allotment of those
shares or by the terms applying to those shares, or otherwise by agreement with the shareholder holding those shares. 
Transfer of Shares
 
Subject to the restrictions contained in the Memorandum and Articles of Association, any of our shareholders may
transfer all or any of his or her shares by an instrument of transfer in writing and in any usual or common form or any
other form approved by our board of directors, executed by or on behalf of the transferor (and, if in respect of a nil or
partly paid up share, or if so required by our directors, shall also be executed on behalf of the transferee and shall be
accompanied by the certiﬁcate (if any) of the shares to which it relates and such evidence as the directors may
reasonably require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer).
 
Our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, decline to register any transfer of any share that has not been
fully paid up or is subject to a company lien. Our board of directors may also decline to register any transfer of any
share unless:
 
(a) the instrument of transfer is lodged with us, accompanied by the certiﬁcate (if any) for the shares to which
it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably require to show the right of the
transferor to make the transfer;
 
(b) the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of shares;
 
(c) the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;
 
(d) the share transferred is fully paid and free of any lien in favor of us;
 
(e) any applicable fee of such maximum sum as the designated stock exchange may determine to be payable,
or such lesser sum as our board of directors may from time to time require, related to the transfer has been
paid to us; and
 
(f) the transfer is not to more than four joint holders.
 
If our directors refuse to register a transfer, they are required, within three months after the date on which the
instrument of transfer was lodged, to send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of such refusal.
 
The registration of transfers may, on 14 calendar days’ notice being given by advertisement in such one or more
newspapers or by electronic means, be suspended and our register of members closed at such times and for such
periods as our board of directors may from time to time determine. However, the registration of transfers may not be
suspended, and the register may not be closed, for more than 30 days in any year. 
Capitalization of Profits
 
The directors may resolve to capitalize:
 
(a) any part of our proﬁts not required for paying any preferential dividend (whether or not those proﬁts are
available for distribution); or
 
(b) any sum standing to the credit of our share premium account or capital redemption reserve, if any.
 
12 
--- PAGE 20 ---
 
 
The amount resolved to be capitalized must be appropriated to the shareholders who would have been entitled to it
had it been distributed by way of dividend and in the same proportions. 
Liquidation Rights
 
If we are wound up, the shareholders may, subject to the Memorandum and Articles of Association and any other
sanction required by the Companies Act, pass a special resolution allowing the liquidator to do either or both of the
following:
 
(a) to divide in specie among the shareholders the whole or any part of our assets and, for that purpose, to
value any assets and to determine how the division shall be carried out as between the shareholders or
diﬀerent classes of shareholders; and
 
(b) to vest the whole or any part of the assets in trustees for the beneﬁt of shareholders and those liable to
contribute to the winding up.
 
The directors have the authority to present a petition for our winding up to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands
on our behalf without the sanction of a resolution passed at a general meeting.
 
Requirements to Change the Rights of Holders of Ordinary Shares 
Variations of Rights of Shares
 
Whenever our capital is divided into diﬀerent classes of shares, the rights attaching to any class of share (unless
otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may be varied either with the consent in writing of
the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a special resolution
passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the holders of shares of the class present in person or by proxy at a
separate general meeting of the holders of shares of that class.
 
Unless the terms on which a class of shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on the shareholder
holding shares of any class shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue of further shares ranking pari
passu with the existing shares of that class.
 
Limitations on the Rights to Own Ordinary Shares
 
There are no limitations under the laws of the Cayman Islands or under the Memorandum and Articles of
Association that limit the right of non-resident or foreign owners to hold or vote Ordinary Shares.
 
Provisions Aﬀecting Any Change of Control 
Anti-Takeover Provisions
 
Some provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association may discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company or management that shareholders may consider favorable, including provisions that authorize
our board of directors to issue shares at such times and on such terms and conditions as the board of directors may
decide without any further vote or action by our shareholders.
 
Under the Companies Act, our directors may only exercise the rights and powers granted to them under the
Memorandum and Articles of Association for what they believe in good faith to be in the best interests of our company
and for a proper purpose.
 
Ownership Threshold
 
There are no provisions under the Companies Act or under the Memorandum and Articles of Association that govern
the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership must be disclosed.
 
13 
--- PAGE 21 ---
 
 
Diﬀerences Between the Law of Diﬀerent Jurisdictions
 
The Companies Act is derived, to a large extent, from the older Companies Acts of England and Wales but does not
follow recent United Kingdom statutory enactments, and accordingly there are signiﬁcant diﬀerences between the
Companies Act and the current Companies Act of England. In addition, the Companies Act diﬀers from laws applicable
to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of certain signiﬁcant diﬀerences
between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the comparable laws applicable to companies
incorporated in the State of Delaware in the United States. 
Mergers and Similar Arrangements
 
The Companies Act permits mergers and consolidations between Cayman Islands companies and between Cayman
Islands companies and non-Cayman Islands companies. For these purposes, (a) “merger” means the merging of two or
more constituent companies and the vesting of their undertaking, property and liabilities in one of such companies as
the surviving company, and (b) a “consolidation” means the combination of two or more constituent companies into a
consolidated company and the vesting of the undertaking, property and liabilities of such companies to the
consolidated company. In order to eﬀect such a merger or consolidation, the directors of each constituent company
must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation, which must then be authorized by (a) a special resolution of
the shareholders of each constituent company, and (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be speciﬁed in such
constituent company’s articles of association. The plan must be ﬁled with the Registrar of Companies together with,
amongst other things speciﬁed under the Companies Act, a declaration as to the solvency of constituent company, the
consolidated or surviving company, a list of the assets and liabilities of each constituent company and an undertaking
that a copy of the certiﬁcate of merger or consolidation will be given to the shareholders and creditors of each
constituent company and that notiﬁcation of the merger or consolidation will be published in the Cayman Islands
Gazette. Court approval is not required for a merger or consolidation which is eﬀected in compliance with these
statutory procedures.
 
A merger between a Cayman parent company and its Cayman subsidiary or subsidiaries does not require
authorization by a resolution of shareholders. For this purpose a subsidiary is a company of which at least 90% of the
issued shares entitled to vote at a general meeting are owned by the parent company.
 
The consent of each holder of a ﬁxed or ﬂoating security interest of a constituent company is required unless this
requirement is waived by a court in the Cayman Islands.
 
Except in certain limited circumstances, a dissenting shareholder of a Cayman Islands constituent company is
entitled to payment of the fair value of his or her shares upon dissenting from a merger or consolidation. The exercise
of such dissenter rights will preclude the exercise by the dissenting shareholder of any other rights to which he or she
might otherwise be entitled by virtue of holding shares, except for the right to seek relief on the grounds that the
merger or consolidation is void or unlawful.
 
In addition, there are statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and amalgamation of companies,
provided that the arrangement is approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with
whom the arrangement is to be made, and who must, in addition, represent three-fourths in value of each such class of
shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or
meetings, convened for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the arrangement must be
sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the
court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if
it determines that:
 
(a) the statutory provisions as to the required majority vote have been met;
 
(b) the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question and the statutory majority are acting
bona ﬁde without coercion of the minority to promote interests adverse to those of the class;
 
14 
--- PAGE 22 ---
 
 
(c) the arrangement is such that may be reasonably approved by an intelligent and honest man of that class acting
in respect of his interest; and
 
(d) the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the
Companies Act.
 
When a takeover oﬀer is made and accepted by holders of 90% of the shares aﬀected within four months the
oﬀeror may, within a two-month period commencing on the expiration of such four month period, require the holders of
the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the oﬀer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of
the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed in the case of an oﬀer which has been so approved unless there is
evidence of fraud, bad faith or collusion.
 
If an arrangement and reconstruction is thus approved, or if a takeover oﬀer is made and accepted, a dissenting
shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would otherwise ordinarily be available to
dissenting shareholders of Delaware corporations, providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially
determined value of the shares. 
Shareholders’ Suits
 
In principle, we will normally be the proper plaintiﬀ to sue for a wrong done to us as a company and as a general
rule, a derivative action may not be brought by a minority shareholder. However, based on English law authorities,
which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority in the Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands courts can be
expected to follow and apply the common law principles (namely the rule in Foss v. Harbottle and the exceptions
thereto) so that a non-controlling shareholder may be permitted to commence a class action against or derivative
actions in the name of the company to challenge:
 
(a) an act which is illegal or ultra vires with respect to the company and is therefore incapable of ratiﬁcation by the
shareholders;
 
(b) an act which, although not ultra vires, requires authorization by a qualiﬁed (or special) majority (that is, more
than a simple majority) which has not been obtained; and
 
(c) an act which constitutes a “fraud on the minority” where the wrongdoers are themselves in control of the
company. 
Indemnification of Directors and Executive Officers and Limitation of Liability
 
The Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of association
may provide for indemniﬁcation of oﬃcers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the
Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemniﬁcation against civil fraud or the
consequences of committing a crime. The Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that, to the extent
permitted by law, we shall indemnify each existing or former secretary, director (including alternate director), and any
of our other oﬃcers (including an investment adviser or an administrator or liquidator) and their personal
representatives against:
 
(a) all actions, proceedings, costs, charges, expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by the
existing or former secretary or oﬃcer in or about the conduct of our business or aﬀairs or in the execution or
discharge of the existing or former secretary’s or oﬃcer’s duties, powers, authorities or discretions; and
 
(b) without limitation to paragraph (a) above, all costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by the existing or
former secretary or oﬃcer in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil, criminal, administrative
or investigative proceedings (whether threatened, pending or completed) concerning us or our aﬀairs in any
court or tribunal, whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere.
 
15 
--- PAGE 23 ---
 
 
No such existing or former secretary or oﬃcer, however, shall be indemniﬁed in respect of any matter arising out of
his own dishonesty.
 
To the extent permitted by law, we may make a payment, or agree to make a payment, whether by way of
advance, loan or otherwise, for any legal costs incurred by an existing or former secretary or any of our oﬃcers in
respect of any matter identiﬁed in above on condition that the secretary or oﬃcer must repay the amount paid by us to
the extent that it is ultimately found not liable to indemnify the secretary or that oﬃcer for those legal costs.
 
This standard of conduct is generally the same as permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law for a
Delaware corporation. In addition, we have entered into indemniﬁcation agreements with our directors and executive
oﬃcers that provide such persons with additional indemniﬁcation beyond that provided in the Memorandum and
Articles of Association.
 
Insofar as indemniﬁcation for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our directors, oﬃcers
or persons controlling us under the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that, in the opinion of the SEC, such
indemniﬁcation is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 
Anti-Takeover Provisions in the Memorandum and Articles of Association
 
Some provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association may discourage, delay or prevent a change in
control of our company or management that shareholders may consider favorable, including provisions that authorize
our board of directors to issue shares at such times and on such terms and conditions as the board of directors may
decide without any further vote or action by our shareholders.
 
Under the Companies Act, our directors may only exercise the rights and powers granted to them under the
Memorandum and Articles of Association for what they believe in good faith to be in the best interests of our company
and for a proper purpose. 
Directors’ Fiduciary Duties
 
Under Delaware corporate law, a director of a Delaware corporation has a ﬁduciary duty to the corporation and its
shareholders. This duty has two components: the duty of care and the duty of loyalty. The duty of care requires that a
director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances.
Under this duty, a director must inform himself of, and disclose to shareholders, all material information reasonably
available regarding a signiﬁcant transaction. The duty of loyalty requires that a director act in a manner he or she
reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the corporation. He or she must not use his or her corporate position
for personal gain or advantage. This duty prohibits self-dealing by a director and mandates that the best interests of
the corporation and its shareholders take precedence over any interest possessed by a director, oﬃcer or controlling
shareholder and not shared by the shareholders generally. In general, actions of a director are presumed to have been
made on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the
corporation. However, this presumption may be rebutted by evidence of a breach of one of the ﬁduciary duties. Should
such evidence be presented concerning a transaction by a director, a director must prove the procedural fairness of the
transaction, and that the transaction was of fair value to the corporation.
 
As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a director owes three types of duties to the company: (a) statutory duties, (b)
ﬁduciary duties, and (c) common law duties. The Companies Act imposes a number of statutory duties on a director. A
Cayman Islands director’s ﬁduciary duties are not codiﬁed, however the courts of the Cayman Islands have held that a
director owes the following ﬁduciary duties: (a) a duty to act in what the director bona ﬁde considers to be in the best
interests of the company, (b) a duty to exercise their powers for the purposes they were conferred, (c) a duty to avoid
fettering his or her discretion in the future and (d) a duty to avoid conﬂicts of interest and of duty. The common law
duties owed by a director are those to act with skill, care and diligence that may reasonably be expected of a person
carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and, also, to act with the
skill, care and diligence in keeping with a standard of care commensurate with any particular skill they have which
enables them to meet a higher standard than a director without those skills. In fulﬁlling their duty of care to us, our
directors must ensure compliance with the Memorandum and Articles of Association, as amended and restated from
time to time. We have the right to seek damages if a duty owed by any of our directors is breached. 
16 
--- PAGE 24 ---
 
 
Shareholder Proposals
 
The Delaware General Corporation Law does not provide shareholders an express right to put any proposal before
the annual meeting of shareholders, but in keeping with common law, Delaware corporations generally aﬀord
shareholders an opportunity to make proposals and nominations provided that they comply with the notice provisions
in the certiﬁcate of incorporation or bylaws. A special meeting may be called by the board of directors or any other
person authorized to do so in the governing documents, but shareholders may be precluded from calling special
meetings.
 
The Companies Act provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general meeting, and does not
provide shareholders with any right to put any proposal before a general meeting. However, these rights may be
provided in a company’s articles of association. The Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that general
meetings shall be convened on the written requisition of one or more of the shareholders entitled to attend and vote at
our general meetings who (together) hold not less than ten per cent of the rights to vote at such general meeting,
specifying the purpose of the meeting and signed by each of the shareholders making the requisition. If the directors
do not convene such meeting for a date not later than twenty-one clear days after the date of receipt of the written
requisition, those shareholders who requested the meeting may convene the general meeting themselves within three
months after the end of such period of twenty-one clear days in which case reasonable expenses incurred by them as a
result of the directors failing to convene a meeting shall be reimbursed by us. In addition, if there are insuﬃcient
directors to constitute a quorum and the remaining directors are unable to agree on the appointment of additional
directors, any one or more shareholders who together hold at least ﬁve per cent of the rights to vote at a general
meeting may call a general meeting for the purpose of appointing additional directors. The Memorandum and Articles
of Association provide no other right to put any proposals before annual general meetings or extraordinary general
meetings. As a Cayman Islands exempted company, we are not obligated by law to call shareholders’ annual general
meetings. However, our corporate governance guidelines require us to call such meetings every year. 
Cumulative Voting
 
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, cumulative voting for elections of directors is not permitted unless
the corporation’s certiﬁcate of incorporation speciﬁcally provides for it. Cumulative voting potentially facilitates the
representation of minority shareholders on a board of directors since it permits the minority shareholder to cast all the
votes to which the shareholder is entitled on a single director, which increases the shareholder’s voting power with
respect to electing such director. 
Removal of Directors
 
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a director of a corporation with a classiﬁed board may be removed
only for cause with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the certiﬁcate of
incorporation provides otherwise. Subject to the provisions of the Memorandum and Articles of Association, the oﬃce
of a director may be terminated forthwith if (a) he is prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands from acting as a
director, (b) he is made bankrupt or makes an arrangement or composition with his creditors generally, (c) he resigns
his oﬃce by notice to us, (d) he only held oﬃce as a director for a ﬁxed term and such term expires, (e) in the opinion
of a registered medical practitioner by whom he is being treated he becomes physically or mentally incapable of
acting as a director, (f) he is given notice by the majority of the other directors (not being less than two in number) to
vacate oﬃce (without prejudice to any claim for damages for breach of any agreement relating to the provision of the
services of such director), (g) he is made subject to any law relating to mental health or incompetence, whether by
court order or otherwise, or (h) without the consent of the other directors, he is absent from meetings of directors for
continuous period of six months.  
17 
--- PAGE 25 ---
 
 
Transactions with Interested Shareholders
 
The Delaware General Corporation Law contains a business combination statute applicable to Delaware public
corporations whereby, unless the corporation has speciﬁcally elected not to be governed by such statute by
amendment to its certiﬁcate of incorporation or bylaws that is approved by its shareholders, it is prohibited from
engaging in certain business combinations with an “interested shareholder” for three years following the date that
such person becomes an interested shareholder. An interested shareholder generally is a person or a group who or
which owns or owned 15% or more of the target’s outstanding voting stock or who or which is an aﬃliate or associate
of the corporation and owned 15% or more of the corporation’s outstanding voting stock within the past three years.
This has the eﬀect of limiting the ability of a potential acquirer to make a two-tiered bid for the target in which all
shareholders would not be treated equally. The statute does not apply if, among other things, prior to the date on which
such shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, the board of directors approves either the business combination
or the transaction which resulted in the person becoming an interested shareholder. This encourages any potential
acquirer of a Delaware corporation to negotiate the terms of any acquisition transaction with the target’s board of
directors.
 
The Companies Act has no comparable statute. As a result, we cannot avail ourselves of the types of protections
aﬀorded by the Delaware business combination statute. However, although the Companies Act does not regulate
transactions between a company and its signiﬁcant shareholders, under Cayman Islands law such transactions must be
entered into bona ﬁde in the best interests of the company and for a proper corporate purpose and not with the eﬀect
of constituting a fraud on the minority shareholders. 
Dissolution; Winding Up
 
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, unless the board of directors approves the proposal to dissolve,
dissolution must be approved by shareholders holding 100% of the total voting power of the corporation. Only if the
dissolution is initiated by the board of directors may it be approved by a simple majority of the corporation’s
outstanding shares. Delaware law allows a Delaware corporation to include in its certiﬁcate of incorporation a
supermajority voting requirement in connection with dissolutions initiated by the board of directors.
 
Under the Companies Act and the Memorandum and Articles of Association, our company may be wound up by a
special resolution of our shareholders, or if the winding up is initiated by our board of directors, by either a special
resolution of our members or, if our company is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, by an ordinary resolution of
our members. In addition, a company may be wound up by an order of the courts of the Cayman Islands. The court has
authority to order winding up in a number of speciﬁed circumstances including where it is, in the opinion of the court,
just and equitable to do so. 
Variation of Rights of Shares
 
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation may vary the rights of a class of shares with the
approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, unless the certiﬁcate of incorporation provides
otherwise. Under the Companies Act and the Memorandum and Articles of Association, if our share capital is divided
into more than one class of shares, the rights attaching to any class of share (unless otherwise provided by the terms
of issue of the shares of that class) may be varied either with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-
thirds of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a special resolution passed by a majority of not less
than two-thirds of the holders of shares of the class present in person or by proxy at a separate general meeting of the
holders of shares of that class. 
Amendment of Governing Documents
 
Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation’s certiﬁcate of incorporation may be amended only if
adopted and declared advisable by the board of directors and approved by a majority of the outstanding shares
entitled to vote, and the bylaws may be amended with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to
vote and may, if so provided in the certiﬁcate of incorporation, also be amended by the board of directors. Under the
Companies Act, the Memorandum and Articles of Association may only be amended by special resolution of our
shareholders.
 
18 
--- PAGE 26 ---
 
 
Changes in Capital
 
Subject to the Companies Act, our shareholders may, by ordinary resolution:
 
(a) increase our share capital by new shares of the amount ﬁxed by that ordinary resolution and with the attached
rights, priorities and privileges set out in that ordinary resolution;
 
(b) consolidate and divide all or any of our share capital into shares of larger amount than our existing shares;
 
(c) convert all or any of our paid up shares into stock, and reconvert that stock into paid up shares of any
denomination;
 
(d) sub-divide our shares or any of them into shares of an amount smaller than that ﬁxed, so, however, that in the
sub-division, the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on each reduced share
shall be the same as it was in case of the share from which the reduced share is derived; and
 
(e) cancel shares which, at the date of the passing of that ordinary resolution, have not been taken or agreed to be
taken by any person and diminish the amount of our share capital by the amount of the shares so cancelled or,
in the case of shares without nominal par value, diminish the number of shares into which our capital is
divided.
 
Subject to the Companies Act and to any rights for the time being conferred on the shareholders holding a
particular class of shares, our shareholders may, by special resolution, reduce our share capital in any way.
 
Warrants 
August 2021 Consulting Agreement
 
On August 6, 2021, we entered into a Consulting and Warrant Issuance Agreement (the “August 2021 Consulting
Agreement”) with Natural Selection Capital Holdings Limited, a Cayman company of which Mr. Bingzhong Wang is the
sole shareholder, and Mr. Ming Ni. Pursuant to the August 2021 Consulting Agreement, Natural Selection Capital
Holdings Limited and Mr. Ming Ni agreed to provide certain services to us in connection with the development and
ultimate transformation of our business into a blockchain-related business, and we agreed to, among other things,
issue warrants to Natural Selection Capital Holdings Limited in four equal tranches to purchase an aggregate of
14,000,000 Ordinary Shares (the “Consulting Company Warrants”). The Consulting Company Warrants will become
exercisable on the later of (i) the one-year anniversary of the issuance and (ii) the applicable vesting dates, with
exercise prices between $1 and $2.5 per share, and will expire on the 10th anniversary from the date on which they
become exercisable (each, a “Consulting Company Warrant Expiry Date”). We issued the warrants to Natural Selection
Capital Holdings Limited on October 29, 2021.
 
We agreed to, among other things, issue warrants to Mr. Ming Ni to purchase an aggregate of 2,000,000 Ordinary
Shares (the “Ni Warrants”, together with the Consulting Company Warrants, the “August Consulting Warrants”). The Ni
Warrants would become exercisable once issued, with an exercise price that is the lower of (i) $1.5 per share and (ii)
88% of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price of the ordinary shares for the 10-trading-day period
immediately prior to the exercise of the August Consulting Warrants, and would expire ﬁve years after issuance. On
November 30, 2021, we issued the Ni Warrants to Mr. Ming Ni.
  
On August 6, 2021, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement (the “2021 Registration Rights Agreement”)
with LSQ Investment Fund SPC-Disruptive Opportunity Fund II SP (“LSQ”), the purchasers, Natural Selection Capital
Holdings Limited, and Mr. Ming Ni.
 
On March 3, 2022, we, LSQ, the purchasers, Natural Selection Capital Holdings Limited, and Mr. Ming Ni, entered
into Amendment No.1 to 2021 Registration Rights Agreement (the “Amendment to 2021 RRA”) to extend the
Eﬀectiveness Deadline and the Filing Deadline (as deﬁned in the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement). Pursuant to the
Amendment to 2021 RRA, the Eﬀectiveness Deadline for the 2nd Closing Registration Statement (as deﬁned in the 2021
Registration Rights Agreement) will be no later than the calendar day that is no later than 16 months from the date of
the 2021 Registration Rights Agreement.
 
19 
--- PAGE 27 ---
 
 
On January 26, 2023, we, Natural Selection Capital Holdings Limited and Mr. Ming Ni entered into an amendment
agreement to the August 2021 Consulting Agreement, to, among others, change each and all the Consulting Company
Warrant Expiry Date to August 6, 2031.
 
On September 26, 2024, we entered into a deed of termination with Natural Selection Capital Holdings Limited,
pursuant to which we and Natural Selection Capital Holdings Limited agreed to terminate the Consulting Company
Warrants. As a result of such termination, the respective rights and obligations under the Consulting Company Warrants
are terminated as well.
 October 2021 Consulting Agreement
 
On October 27, 2021, we entered into a Consulting and Warrant Issuance Agreement (the “October 2021 Consulting
Agreement”) with Xianqun Hu, Ying Cai, Jiarui Li, and Ailing Zhang (collectively, the “Consultants”). Pursuant to the
October 2021 Consulting Agreement, the Consultants agreed to provide certain services to us in connection with the
business operation of a joint venture company which will be formed by us and an industry leader (the “Joint Venture”
or “Metalpha BVI”). The services to be provided by the Consultants, include, among other things, the following: (i)
establishing a proprietary system for cryptocurrency derivatives trading; (ii) designing diﬀerent structure products for
use in trading with counterparties; (iii) optimizing internal pricing and dynamic hedging models; (iv) ongoing
monitoring and improving of the proprietary system to maximize the return of invested capital and grow the size of
proprietary assets; (v) assisting in the hiring process and establishment of a team for the development of the Joint
Venture; and (vi) providing industry expertise to help shape the Joint Venture’s long-term strategy.
 
Pursuant to the October 2021 Consulting Agreement, we agreed to issue (i) warrants to Xianqun Hu to purchase an
aggregate of 900,000 Ordinary Shares, (ii) warrants to Ying Cai to purchase an aggregate of 300,000 Ordinary Shares,
(iii) warrants to Jiarui Li to purchase an aggregate of 300,000 Ordinary Shares, and (iv) warrants to Ailing Zhang to
purchase an aggregate of 300,000 Ordinary Shares (collectively, the “October 2021 Consulting Warrants”).
 
The October 2021 Consulting Warrants will become exercisable once issued, with an exercise price that is the lower
of (i) $1.5 per share and (ii) 88% of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for the 10-
trading-day period immediately prior to the exercise of the October Consulting Warrants, and will expire ﬁve years
after issuance.
 
In connection with the August 2021 SPA, the August 2021 Consulting Agreement, and the October 2021 Consulting
Agreement, we ﬁled a registration statement on Form F-3 dated December 27, 2021, to register the Ordinary Shares to
be issued pursuant to the August 2021 SPA and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the August Consulting
Warrants and October Consulting Warrants for resale. The registration statement on Form F-3 did not become eﬀective
and was declared abandoned by the Division of Corporation Finance for the SEC on December 30, 2022.
 Employee Warrant Issuance Agreements
 
On May 10, 2022, we entered into an employee warrant issuance agreement with Yingjun Zhou, to further
incentivize the Employee’s services to be rendered under and pursuant to an employment contract, dated March 2,
2022, between LSQ Capital Limited, our subsidiary, and Yingjun Zhou (the “Employee Warrant Issuance Agreement”).
 
Pursuant to the Employee Warrant Issuance Agreement, we agreed to issue warrants to Yingjun Zhou to purchase
an aggregate of 200,000 Ordinary Shares (the “Employee Warrants”).
 
The Employee Warrants will become exercisable once issued, with an exercise price that is the lower of (i) $1.5 per
share and (ii) 88% of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for the 10-trading-day
period immediately prior to the exercise of the Employee Warrants, and will expire ﬁve years after issuance.
 
20 
--- PAGE 28 ---
 
 
In addition, we also agreed that, as soon as practicable, and in no event later than 60 days after the execution of
the Employee Warrants pursuant to the Employee Warrant Issuance Agreement, we shall ﬁle with the SEC (at our sole
cost and expense) a registration statement, which shall be on Form F-3, if eligible, registering the resale of the
Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Employee Warrants.
 May 2022 Consulting Agreement
 
On May 26, 2022, we entered into a consulting and warrant issuance agreement (the “May 2022 Consulting
Agreement”) with Jing Hu, Sek Yee Khor, and Jiaping Sun (collectively, the “2022 Consultants”). Pursuant to the May
2022 Consulting Agreement, the 2022 Consultants agreed to provide certain services to us in connection with the
business operation of a joint venture company formed by us and Northstar Digital Holding. The services to be provided
by the 2022 Consultants, include, among other things, the following: (1) establishing a proprietary system for
cryptocurrency derivatives trading; (2) designing diﬀerent structure products for use in trading with counterparties; (3)
optimizing internal pricing and dynamic hedging models; (4) ongoing monitoring and improving of the proprietary
system to maximize the return of invested capital and grow the size of proprietary assets; (5) assisting in the hiring
process and establishment of a team for the development of Metalpha BVI; and (6) providing industry expertise to help
shape Metalpha BVI’s long-term strategy.
 
Pursuant to the May 2022 Consulting Agreement, we agreed to issue (i) warrants to Jing Hu to purchase an
aggregate of 200,000 Ordinary Shares, (ii) warrants to Sek Yee Khor to purchase an aggregate of 200,000 Ordinary
Shares, and (iii) warrants to Jiaping Sun to purchase an aggregate of 100,000 Ordinary Shares (collectively, the “2022
Consulting Warrants”).
 
The 2022 Consulting Warrants will become exercisable once issued, with an exercise price that is the lower of (i)
$1.5 per share and (ii) 88% of the lowest daily volume-weighted average price of the Ordinary Shares for the 10-
trading-day period immediately prior to the exercise of the 2022 Consulting Warrants, and will expire ﬁve years after
issuance.
 
In addition, we also agreed that, as soon as practicable, and in no event later than 60 days after the execution of
the 2022 Consulting Warrants pursuant to the May 2022 Consulting Agreement, we shall ﬁle with the SEC (at our sole
cost and expense) a registration statement, which shall be on Form F-3, if eligible, registering the resale of the
Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the 2022 Consulting Warrants.
  June 2022 Private Placement Agreement
 
On June 30, 2022, we entered into a securities subscription and warrant purchase agreement (the “June 2022
Private Placement Agreement”) with certain investors, including directors and senior members of our management.
Pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement, each Purchaser agrees to subscribe for and purchase, and we
agree to issue and sell:
 
● such number of Ordinary Shares (the “Subscription Shares”) calculated by dividing (i) the purchase price paid by
such Purchaser to us, as set forth in Schedule A of the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement, by (ii) the per
share purchase price, which is the higher of (a) US$1.00 and (b) 88% of the lowest daily dollar volume-weighted
average price of the Ordinary Shares on the Nasdaq Capital Market (as reported by Bloomberg) during the last
10 trading days immediately preceding the execution date of the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement; and
 
● certain warrants (the “Subscription Warrants”) to purchase an aggregate number of Ordinary Shares that equals
twice the number of the Subscription Shares.
 
The aggregate purchase price payable by all of the investors will be no more than US$3,300,000.
 
The Subscription Warrants are exercisable after vesting, in whole or in part, by the Purchaser within a period of ﬁve
years, commencing on the date of the issuance of the Subscription Warrants. The vesting of the Subscription Warrants
will be conditioned on the attainment of our performance goals and any other vesting schedule/conditions as set forth
in the terms of the Subscription Warrants.
 
21 
--- PAGE 29 ---
 
 November 2022 Sale and Purchase Agreement and Northstar Technologies Purchase Agreement
 
On November 28, 2022, we entered into a sale and purchase agreement with Polaris Technologies Group Limited
(formerly Antalpha Technologies Limited), Northstar Technologies Holdings Limited (“Northstar Technologies”), and
Meta Rich to acquire 49% equity interest held by Polaris Technologies Group Limited in Metalpha Limited. The total
consideration is US$2,500,000, satisﬁed by the allotment and issuance of 2,500,000 Ordinary Shares to Northstar
Technologies. The deal was closed in November 2022 and Metalpha Limited became our wholly-owned subsidiary.
 
On November 28, 2022, we and Northstar Technologies entered into a securities subscription and warrant purchase
agreement (the “Northstar Technologies Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which Northstar Technologies agreed to
subscribe for, and we agreed to issue to Northstar Technologies, (i) 4,500,000 Ordinary Shares (the “Subscription
Shares”); (ii) a type A warrant to purchase up to 4,500,000 Ordinary Shares (the “Type A Warrant”), and (iii) a type B
warrant to purchase up to 3,000,000 Ordinary Shares (the “Type B Warrant”), for an aggregate consideration of
US$4,500,000.
 
● Subscription Shares. The sale and subscription of the Subscription Shares will be completed in up to four (4)
tranches, on a date that is no later than 180 days, 365 days, 545 days and 730 days from the signing date of the
Northstar Technologies Purchase Agreement, respectively, upon the fulﬁllment of the closing conditions set
forth in the Northstar Technologies Purchase Agreement. As of the date of this prospectus, all of the
Subscription Shares, or 4,500,000 Ordinary Shares have been issued.
 
● Type A Warrant. The Type A Warrant was issued by us on November 28, 2022. The Type A Warrant shall vest in
tranches at the same rate and in the same proportion as the issuance and allotment of the Subscription Shares
upon each closing thereof as set out in the Northstar Technologies Purchase Agreement. Upon vesting, the Type
A Warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of US$1.00 per Ordinary Share. The Type A Warrant shall expire on
the ﬁfth (5th) anniversary of the date of issuance.
 
● Type B Warrant. The Type B Warrant was issued by us on November 28, 2022. The Type B Warrant shall vest in
tranches at the same rate and in the same proportion as the issuance and allotment of the Subscription Shares
upon each closing thereof as set out in the Northstar Technologies Purchase Agreement.
 
● Pre-emptive Rights. Subject to certain exceptions set forth in the Northstar Technologies Purchase Agreement, if
we propose to issue, grant or sell any equity securities within ﬁve years since the date of the Northstar
Technologies Purchase Agreement, Northstar Tech shall have the right to elect to purchase up to 40% of the
total number of new securities to be issued by us. Northstar Tech shall exercise its pre-emptive rights within 20
calendar days after receipt of a written issuance notice given by us, which sets forth the price, amount and
other terms on which such new securities are proposed to be issued, granted or sold.
 
22 
--- PAGE 30 ---
 
 
SELLING SECURITYHOLDERS
 
We are registering the resale of the Ordinary Shares issued to the Selling Securityholders pursuant to the
Subscription Agreements and the Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants in order to permit such
Selling Securityholders to oﬀer the Shares for resale from time to time.
 
The following table sets forth, based on written representations from the Selling Securityholders, certain
information as of June 29, 2026 regarding the beneﬁcial ownership of our Ordinary Shares by the Selling
Securityholders and the Shares being oﬀered by the Selling Securityholders. The applicable percentage ownership of
ordinary shares is based on 47,113,236 Ordinary Shares outstanding as of May 31, 2026. Information with respect to
our Ordinary Shares owned beneﬁcially after the oﬀering assumes the sale of all of the Shares held by the Selling
Securityholders and the exercise and sale of all Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants held by the
Selling Securityholders. The Selling Securityholders may oﬀer and sell some, all or none of their securities.
 
We have determined beneﬁcial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC and the information is not
necessarily indicative of beneﬁcial ownership for any other purpose. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our
knowledge, the persons and entities named in the tables have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to
all securities that they beneﬁcially own, subject to community property laws where applicable.
 
We cannot advise you as to whether the Selling Securityholders will in fact sell any or all of such securities. As
such, we are unable to declare the number of Ordinary Shares and warrants that the Selling Securityholders will retain
after any such sale. In addition, the Selling Securityholders may sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of, at any time and
from time to time, the securities in transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act after
the date of this prospectus.
 
Other than as outlined below, to our knowledge, none of the Selling Securityholders has, or during the three years
prior to the date of this prospectus has had, any position, oﬃce or other material relationships with us or any of our
aﬃliates, except that: (i) Bingzhong Wang has served as a member of the board of directors and president of the
Company since December 2021 and as Chief Executive Oﬃcer and Chairman of the Board since September 24, 2024;
(ii) Xisha Hu, the natural control person of MetaSphere Limited, has served as the Chief Executive Oﬃcer of Metalpha
Limited, the Company’s wholly-owned trading business subsidiary, eﬀective April 28, 2025, and is the spouse of
Bingzhong Wang; (iii) Mr. Ming Ni served as the Chief Operating Oﬃcer and a Director of the Company from December
2021 until his resignation in June 2025; (iv) Yingjun Zhou is currently an employee of the Company; (v) Yan Lin and Hu
Jing are each employees of a subsidiary of the Company; and (vi) each of Zhang Ailing, Khor Sek Yee, Liu Limin, Li Jiarui
and Cai Ying has served as a consultant to the Company.
 
Selling Securityholder information for each new Selling Securityholder, if any, will be set forth by a prospectus
supplement to the extent required prior to the time of any oﬀer or sale of such Selling Securityholder’s shares pursuant
to this prospectus. Any prospectus supplement may add, update, substitute or change the information contained in this
prospectus, including the identity of each Selling Securityholder and the number of Ordinary Shares registered on its
behalf. A Selling Securityholder may sell or otherwise transfer all, some or none of such shares in this oﬀering. See
“Plan of Distribution.”
 
    Beneﬁcial Ownership
Before Oﬀering     Maximum   Beneﬁcial Ownership
After Oﬀering  
Name   Number
of Shares    
Percentage
of
Ordinary
Shares(1)    
Number of
Shares
Oﬀered(2)  
Number
of
  Shares     
Percentage
of
Shares    
Gortune International Investment Limited
Partnership    3,257,300(3)    6.91%   3,257,300    -    - 
Avenir Tech Limited    651,400(4)    1.38%   651,400    -    - 
Bingzhong Wang    3,095,910(6)    6.39%   2,400,000    695,910    1.44%
MetaSphere Limited    3,049,912(7)    6.47%   3,049,912    -    - 
Hermitage Management Limited    1,142,721(5)    2.43%   486,200    656,521    1.39%
Ming Ni    1,364,075(8)    2.90%   589,334    774,741    1.64%
Yingjun Zhou    1,009,218(9)    2.12%   559,218    450,000     * 
Liu Limin    1,365,544(10)   2.88%   480,000    885,544    1.87%
Hu Jing    1,010,000(11)   2.12%   1,000,000    10,000     * 
Cai Ying    726,144(12)   1.52%   700,000    26,144     * 
Li Jiarui    710,000(13)   1.49%   700,000    10,000     * 
Khor Sek Yee    490,000(14)   1.03%   480,000    10,000     * 
Zhang Ailing    910,000(15)   1.91%   900,000    10,000     * 
Yan Lin    195,050(16)    *    100,000    95,050     * 
Jiaping Sun    100,000(17)    *    100,000    -    - 
 
* Percentage not listed if less than 1%
 
 
--- PAGE 31 ---
23
--- PAGE 32 ---
 
 
(1) The applicable percentage ownership of ordinary shares is based on 47,113,236 Ordinary Shares outstanding as
of May 31, 2026.
 
(2) Represents all of the ordinary shares that the Selling Securityholders may oﬀer and sell from time to time under
this prospectus.
 
(3) Consists of 3,257,300 Ordinary Shares received pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 30,
2025, by and between the Company and Gortune International Investment Limited Partnership. Gortune
International Investment Limited Partnership is a subsidiary of Gortune Investment Co., Limited. Gortune group
mainly operates in corporate M&A and restructuring, equity investments, and emerging asset investments, with
an emphasis on sectors like ﬁnance, consumption, new energy, and Web3. Wei Xu has sole voting and
dispositive power over the shares held by Gortune International Investment Limited Partnership. The address of
the principal place of business of Gortune International Investment Limited Partnership is 7F, GF Tower, No 81
Lockhart Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong.
 
(4) Consists of 651,400 Ordinary Shares received pursuant to the Subscription Agreement, dated as of October 30,
2025, by and between the Company and Avenir Tech Limited. Avenir Tech Limited is a pioneering investment
group dedicated to the strategic integration of traditional ﬁnance and digital assets, driving innovation to build
a leading ﬁnancial ecosystem and infrastructure. Through an integrated framework of Investment, Incubation,
and Operations, the group focuses on digital asset management, trading and ﬁnancial service platforms, PayFi
infrastructure, and Real World Assets (RWA). As Asia’s largest institutional Bitcoin ETF holder, Avenir Tech
Limited leads the regional market. Li Lin has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Avenir
Tech Limited. The address of the principal place of business of Avenir Tech Limited is 10F, CCB Tower, 3
Connaught Rd, Central, Central, Hong Kong.
 
(5) Consists of (i) 486,200 Ordinary Shares received upon cashless exercise of a warrant to purchase up to 660,000
Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement, (ii) 221,001 Ordinary Shares
received upon cashless exercise of a warrant to purchase up to 300,000 Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of
US$1.00 per share, issued pursuant to that certain Sale and Purchase Agreement dated December 22, 2023, by
and among Sweet Lollipop Co., Ltd., the Company and Hermitage Management Limited, and (iii) 435,520
additional Ordinary Shares. Yoon Jung Hyun has sole voting and dispositive power over the shares held by
Hermitage Management Limited. The address of the principal place of business of Hermitage Management
Limited is Trinity Chambers, PO Box 4301, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands.
 
(6) Consists of (i) 600,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan, (ii) 600,000 Ordinary
Shares purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement, and (iii) 1,200,000 Ordinary Shares
issuable upon exercise of Subscription Warrants purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement
Agreement. In addition, Mr. Bingzhong Wang beneﬁcially owns 125,000 Ordinary Shares under the Company’s
2024 Incentive Plan, 570,910 Ordinary Shares distributed from LSQ Investment Fund SPC-Disruptive Opportunity
Fund II SP, of which Mr. Bingzhong Wang is a shareholder. Mr. Bingzhong Wang has served as a member of the
board of directors and president of the Company since December 2021 and as Chief Executive Oﬃcer and
Chairman of the Board since September 24, 2024. Xisha Hu, the spouse of Mr. Bingzhong Wang, serves as the
Chief Executive Oﬃcer of Metalpha Limited, the Company’s wholly-owned trading business subsidiary, eﬀective
April 28, 2025. The address for Mr. Bingzhong Wang is Suite 5506-07, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wan Chai,
Hong Kong.
 
24 
--- PAGE 33 ---
 
 
(7) Consists of 3,049,912 Ordinary Shares received by MetaSphere Limited from Xianqun Hu by way of gift in March
2026, which Ordinary Shares were originally issued pursuant to the Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan,
management entry options exercised in November 2024, and cashless exercises of warrants issued under the
October 2021 Consulting Agreement and the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. Xisha Hu has sole voting
and dispositive power over the shares held by MetaSphere Limited. Xisha Hu serves as the Chief Executive
Oﬃcer of Metalpha Limited, the Company’s wholly-owned trading business subsidiary, eﬀective April 28, 2025.
Bingzhong Wang, the spouse of Ms. Xisha Hu, serves as the Chief Executive Oﬃcer and Chairman of the Board
of the Company. The address of the principal place of business of MetaSphere Limited is Suite 5506-07, Central
Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wan Chai, Hong Kong.
 
(8) Consists of 589,334 Ordinary Shares received upon cashless exercise of warrants to purchase 800,000 Ordinary
Shares issued pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Mr. Ming Ni beneﬁcially
owns 774,741 Ordinary Shares that are freely tradeable. Mr. Ming Ni served as the Chief Operating Oﬃcer and a
Director of the Company from December 2021 until his resignation in June 2025. The address for Mr. Ming Ni is
Flat C, 17/F, Blk T3, The Harbourside, 1 Austin Rd W, Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 
(9) Consists of (i) 119,218 Ordinary Shares received upon cashless exercise of warrants to purchase 200,000
Ordinary Shares issued pursuant to the Employee Warrant Issuance Agreement, and (ii) 440,000 Ordinary
Shares issuable upon exercise of Subscription Warrants purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement
Agreement. In addition, Mr. Yingjun Zhou beneﬁcially owns 220,000 Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the
June 2022 Private Placement Agreement, 220,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the Company’s 2022 Incentive
Plan, and 10,000 Ordinary Shares under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan. Mr. Yingjun Zhou is currently an
employee of the Company. The address for Mr. Yingjun Zhou is Flat G, 30/F, Tower 2B, One Victoria, 21 Shing
Fung Road, NKIL6575, Kowloon City, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 
(10) Consists of 240,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of Subscription Warrants purchased pursuant to the
June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Ms. Liu Limin beneﬁcially owns 120,000 Ordinary Shares
purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement, 120,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the
Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan, 2,500 Ordinary Shares vested under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan,
788,120 Ordinary Shares held through Perfectkl Holding Co., Limited, and 94,924 additional freely tradeable
Ordinary Shares. Ms. Liu Limin has served as a consultant to the Company. The address for Ms. Liu Limin is Flt C,
36/F, Twr 1, The Henley, 7 Muk Tai St, Kai Tak, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 
(11) Consists of (i) 200,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of 2022 Consulting Warrants issued pursuant to
the May 2022 Consulting Agreement, and (ii) 400,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of Subscription
Warrants purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Ms. Hu Jing
beneﬁcially owns 200,000 Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement,
200,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan, and 10,000 Ordinary Shares vested
under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan. Ms. Hu Jing is an employee of a subsidiary of the Company. The
address for Ms. Hu Jing is #01-01, 323 Thomson Road, Singapore 307666.
 
(12) Consists of (i) 300,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of October 2021 Consulting Warrants issued
pursuant to the October 2021 Consulting Agreement, and (ii) 200,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
Subscription Warrants purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Ms. Cai
Ying beneﬁcially owns 100,000 Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement
Agreement, 100,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan, 10,000 Ordinary Shares
vested under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan, and 16,144 additional freely tradeable Ordinary Shares. Ms.
Cai Ying has served as a consultant to the Company. The address for Ms. Cai Ying is Flat A, 29/F, Phase 2, Tower
5, Grand Victoria, 8 Lai Ying Street, Cheung Sha Wan, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 
25 
--- PAGE 34 ---
 
 
(13) Consists of (i) 300,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of October 2021 Consulting Warrants issued
pursuant to the October 2021 Consulting Agreement, and (ii) 200,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
Subscription Warrants purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Mr. Li
Jiarui beneﬁcially owns 100,000 Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement
Agreement, 100,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan, and 10,000 Ordinary
Shares vested under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan. Mr. Li Jiarui has served as a consultant to the
Company. The address for Mr. Li Jiarui is 21C Valverde, 11 May Road, Mid-levels, Hong Kong.
 
(14) Consists of (i) 200,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of 2022 Consulting Warrants issued pursuant to
the May 2022 Consulting Agreement, and (ii) 140,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of Subscription
Warrants purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Mr. Khor Sek Yee
beneﬁcially owns 70,000 Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement,
70,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan, and 10,000 Ordinary Shares vested
under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan. Mr. Khor Sek Yee has served as a consultant to the Company. The
address for Mr. Khor Sek Yee is 30A Pasir Panjang Hill, Singapore 118851.
 
(15) Consists of (i) 300,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of October 2021 Consulting Warrants issued
pursuant to the October 2021 Consulting Agreement, and (ii) 300,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of
Subscription Warrants purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Ms.
Zhang Ailing beneﬁcially owns 150,000 Ordinary Shares purchased pursuant to the June 2022 Private Placement
Agreement, 150,000 Ordinary Shares issued under the Company’s 2022 Incentive Plan, and 10,000 Ordinary
Shares vested under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan. Ms. Zhang Ailing has served as a consultant to the
Company. The address for Ms. Zhang Ailing is Room 2202, Building 1, No. 51 Gao Lou Meng, Nanjing, Jiangsu,
China.
 
(16) Consists of 100,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of Subscription Warrants purchased pursuant to the
June 2022 Private Placement Agreement. In addition, Mr. Yan Lin beneﬁcially owns 12,750 Ordinary Shares
vested under the Company’s 2024 Incentive Plan and 82,300 additional freely tradeable Ordinary Shares. Mr.
Yan Lin is an employee of a subsidiary of the Company. The address for Mr. Yan Lin is 11G, Blk 1, No. 11, Muk Tai
Street, Kowloon, Hong Kong.
 
(17) Consists of 100,000 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of 2022 Consulting Warrants issued pursuant to the
May 2022 Consulting Agreement. The address for Mr. Jiaping Sun is 251 South Lake Ave, 10th Floor, Pasadena,
CA 91101.
 
26 
--- PAGE 35 ---
 
 
PLAN OF DISTRIBUTION
 
The Selling Securityholders will pay any underwriting discounts and commissions and expenses incurred by the
Selling Securityholders for brokerage, accounting, tax or legal services or any other expenses incurred by the Selling
Securityholders in disposing of the securities. We will bear all other costs, fees and expenses incurred in eﬀecting the
registration of the securities covered by this prospectus, including, without limitation, all registration and ﬁling fees,
Nasdaq listing fees and fees and expenses of our counsel and our independent registered public accountants.
 
The securities beneﬁcially owned by the Selling Securityholders covered by this prospectus may be oﬀered and
sold from time to time by the Selling Securityholders. The term “Selling Securityholders” includes donees, pledgees,
transferees or other successors in interest selling securities received after the date of this prospectus from a Selling
Securityholder as a gift, pledge, partnership distribution or other transfer. The Selling Securityholders will act
independently of us in making decisions with respect to the timing, manner and size of each sale. Such sales may be
made on one or more exchanges or in the over-the-counter market or otherwise, at prices and under terms then
prevailing or at prices related to the then current market price or in negotiated transactions. Each Selling
Securityholder reserves the right to accept and, together with its respective agents, to reject, any proposed purchase of
securities to be made directly or through agents. The Selling Securityholders and any of their permitted transferees
may sell their securities oﬀered by this prospectus on any stock exchange, market or trading facility on which the
securities are traded or in private transactions. If underwriters are used in the sale, such underwriters will acquire the
shares for their own account. These sales may be at a ﬁxed price or varying prices, which may be changed, or at
market prices prevailing at the time of sale, at prices relating to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. The
securities may be oﬀered to the public through underwriting syndicates represented by managing underwriters or by
underwriters without a syndicate. The obligations of the underwriters to purchase the securities will be subject to
certain conditions. The underwriters will be obligated to purchase all the securities oﬀered if any of the securities are
purchased.
 
Subject to the limitations set forth in any applicable registration rights agreement, the Selling Securityholders may
use any one or more of the following methods when selling the securities oﬀered by this prospectus:
 
● purchases by a broker-dealer as principal and resale by such broker-dealer for its own account pursuant to this
prospectus;
 
● ordinary brokerage transactions and transactions in which the broker solicits purchasers;
 
● block trades in which the broker-dealer so engaged will attempt to sell the securities as agent but may position
and resell a portion of the block as principal to facilitate the transaction;
 
● an over-the-counter distribution in accordance with the rules of Nasdaq;
 
● through trading plans entered into by a Selling Securityholder pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 under the Exchange Act
that are in place at the time of an oﬀering pursuant to this prospectus and any applicable prospectus
supplement hereto that provide for periodic sales of their securities on the basis of parameters described in
such trading plans;
 
● through one or more underwritten oﬀerings on a ﬁrm commitment or best-eﬀorts basis;
 
● settlement of short sales entered into after the date of this prospectus;
 
● agreements with broker-dealers to sell a speciﬁed number of the securities at a stipulated price per share;
 
● in “at the market” oﬀerings, as deﬁned in Rule 415 under the Securities Act, at negotiated prices, at prices
prevailing at the time of sale or at prices related to such prevailing market prices, including sales made directly
on a national securities exchange or sales made through a market maker other than on an exchange or other
similar oﬀerings through sales agents;
 
27 
--- PAGE 36 ---
 
 
● directly to purchasers, including through a speciﬁc bidding, auction or other process or in privately negotiated
transactions;
 
● through the writing or settlement of options or other hedging transactions, whether through an options
exchange or otherwise;
 
● through a combination of any of the above methods of sale; or
 
● any other method permitted pursuant to applicable law.
 
In addition, a Selling Securityholder that is an entity may elect to make an in-kind distribution of securities to its
members, partners or stockholders pursuant to the registration statement of which this prospectus is a part by
delivering a prospectus with a plan of distribution. To the extent a distributee is not an aﬃliate of ours, the distributee
would thereby receive freely tradeable securities pursuant to the distribution through the registration statement. To the
extent a distributee is an aﬃliate of ours (or to the extent otherwise required by law), we may ﬁle a prospectus
supplement in order to permit the distributee to use the prospectus to resell the securities acquired in the distribution.
 
The Selling Securityholders also may transfer the securities in other circumstances, in which case the transferees,
pledgees or other successors-in-interest will be the selling beneﬁcial owners for purposes of this prospectus. Upon
being notiﬁed by a Selling Securityholder that a donee, pledgee, transferee, other successor-in-interest intends to sell
our securities, we will, to the extent required, promptly ﬁle a supplement to this prospectus to name speciﬁcally such
person as a Selling Securityholder.
 
There can be no assurance that the Selling Securityholders will sell all or any of the securities oﬀered by this
prospectus. In addition, the Selling Securityholders may also sell securities under Rule 144 under the Securities Act, if
available, or in other transactions exempt from registration, rather than under this prospectus. The Selling
Securityholders have the sole and absolute discretion not to accept any purchase oﬀer or make any sale of securities if
they deem the purchase price to be unsatisfactory at any particular time.
 
With respect to a particular oﬀering of the securities held by the Selling Securityholders, to the extent required, an
accompanying prospectus supplement or, if appropriate, a post-eﬀective amendment to the registration statement of
which this prospectus is part, will be prepared and will set forth the following information:
 
● the speciﬁc securities to be oﬀered and sold;
 
● the names of the Selling Securityholders;
 
● the respective purchase prices and public oﬀering prices, the proceeds to be received from the sale, if any, and
other material terms of the oﬀering;
 
● settlement of short sales entered into after the date of this prospectus;
 
● the names of any participating agents, broker-dealers or underwriters; and
 
● any applicable commissions, discounts, concessions and other items constituting compensation from the
Selling Securityholders.
 
In connection with distributions of the securities or otherwise, the Selling Securityholders may enter into hedging
transactions with broker-dealers or other ﬁnancial institutions. In connection with such transactions, broker-dealers or
other ﬁnancial institutions may engage in short sales of the securities in the course of hedging the positions they
assume with Selling Securityholders. The Selling Securityholders may also sell the securities short and redeliver the
securities to close out such short positions. The Selling Securityholders may also enter into option or other transactions
with broker-dealers or other ﬁnancial institutions which require the delivery to such broker-dealer or other ﬁnancial
institution of securities oﬀered by this prospectus, which securities such broker-dealer or other ﬁnancial institution may
resell pursuant to this prospectus (as supplemented or amended to reﬂect such transaction). The Selling
Securityholders may also pledge securities to a broker-dealer or other ﬁnancial institution, and, upon a default, such
broker-dealer or other ﬁnancial institution, may eﬀect sales of the pledged securities pursuant to this prospectus (as
supplemented or amended to reﬂect such transaction).
 
28 
--- PAGE 37 ---
 
 
In order to facilitate the oﬀering of the securities, any underwriters or agents, as the case may be, involved in the
oﬀering of such securities may engage in transactions that stabilize, maintain or otherwise aﬀect the price of our
securities. Speciﬁcally, the underwriters or agents, as the case may be, may overallot in connection with the oﬀering,
creating a short position in our securities for their own account. In addition, to cover overallotments or to stabilize the
price of our securities, the underwriters or agents, as the case may be, may bid for, and purchase, such securities in
the open market. Finally, in any oﬀering of securities through a syndicate of underwriters, the underwriting syndicate
may reclaim selling concessions allotted to an underwriter or a broker-dealer for distributing such securities in the
oﬀering if the syndicate repurchases previously distributed securities in transactions to cover syndicate short positions,
in stabilization transactions or otherwise. Any of these activities may stabilize or maintain the market price of the
securities above independent market levels. The underwriters or agents, as the case may be, are not required to
engage in these activities, and may end any of these activities at any time.
 
The Selling Securityholders may solicit oﬀers to purchase the securities directly from, and they may sell such
securities directly to, institutional investors or others. In this case, no underwriters or agents would be involved. The
terms of any of those sales, including the terms of any bidding or auction process, if utilized, will be described in the
applicable prospectus supplement.
 
It is possible that one or more underwriters may make a market in our securities, but such underwriters will not be
obligated to do so and may discontinue any market making at any time without notice. We cannot give any assurance
as to the liquidity of the trading market for our securities. Our Ordinary Shares are traded on The Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol “MATH.”
 
The Selling Securityholders may authorize underwriters, broker-dealers or agents to solicit oﬀers by certain
purchasers to purchase the securities at the public oﬀering price set forth in the prospectus supplement pursuant to
delayed delivery contracts providing for payment and delivery on a speciﬁed date in the future. The contracts will be
subject only to those conditions set forth in the prospectus supplement, and the prospectus supplement will set forth
any commissions we or the Selling Securityholders pay for solicitation of these contracts.
 
A Selling Securityholder may enter into derivative transactions with third parties, or sell securities not covered by
this prospectus to third parties in privately negotiated transactions. If the applicable prospectus supplement indicates,
in connection with those derivatives, the third parties may sell securities covered by this prospectus and the applicable
prospectus supplement, including in short sale transactions. If so, the third party may use securities pledged by any
Selling Securityholder or borrowed from any Selling Securityholder or others to settle those sales or to close out any
related open borrowings of stock, and may use securities received from any Selling Securityholder in settlement of
those derivatives to close out any related open borrowings of stock. The third party in such sale transactions will be an
underwriter and will be identiﬁed in the applicable prospectus supplement (or a post-eﬀective amendment). In
addition, any Selling Securityholder may otherwise loan or pledge securities to a ﬁnancial institution or other third
party that in turn may sell the securities short using this prospectus. Such ﬁnancial institution or other third party may
transfer its economic short position to investors in our securities or in connection with a concurrent oﬀering of other
securities.
 
In eﬀecting sales, broker-dealers or agents engaged by the Selling Securityholders may arrange for other broker-
dealers to participate. Broker-dealers or agents may receive commissions, discounts or concessions from the Selling
Securityholders in amounts to be negotiated immediately prior to the sale.
 
In compliance with the guidelines of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (“FINRA”), the aggregate maximum
discount, commission, fees or other items constituting underwriting compensation to be received by any FINRA
member or independent broker-dealer will not exceed 8% of the gross proceeds of any oﬀering pursuant to this
prospectus and any applicable prospectus supplement.
 
29 
--- PAGE 38 ---
 
 
If at the time of any oﬀering made under this prospectus a member of FINRA participating in the oﬀering has a
“conﬂict of interest” as deﬁned in FINRA Rule 5121 (“Rule 5121”) that oﬀering will be conducted in accordance with the
relevant provisions of Rule 5121.
 
To our knowledge, there are currently no plans, arrangements or understandings between the Selling
Securityholders and any broker-dealer or agent regarding the sale of the securities by the Selling Securityholders. Upon
our notiﬁcation by a Selling Securityholder that any material arrangement has been entered into with an underwriter or
broker-dealer for the sale of securities through a block trade, special oﬀering, exchange distribution, secondary
distribution or a purchase by an underwriter or broker-dealer, we will ﬁle, if required by applicable law or regulation, a
supplement to this prospectus pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act disclosing certain material information
relating to such underwriter or broker-dealer and such oﬀering.
 
Underwriters, broker-dealers or agents may facilitate the marketing of an oﬀering online directly or through one of
their aﬃliates. In those cases, prospective investors may view oﬀering terms and a prospectus online and, depending
upon the particular underwriter, broker-dealer or agent, place orders online or through their ﬁnancial advisors.
 
In oﬀering the securities covered by this prospectus, the Selling Securityholders and any underwriters, broker-
dealers or agents who execute sales for the Selling Securityholders may be deemed to be “underwriters” within the
meaning of the Securities Act in connection with such sales. Any discounts, commissions, concessions or proﬁt they
earn on any resale of those securities may be underwriting discounts and commissions under the Securities Act.
 
The underwriters, broker-dealers and agents may engage in transactions with us or the Selling Securityholders, or
perform services for us or the Selling Securityholders, in the ordinary course of business.
 
In order to comply with the securities laws of certain states, if applicable, the securities must be sold in such
jurisdictions only through registered or licensed brokers or dealers. In addition, in certain states the securities may not
be sold unless they have been registered or qualiﬁed for sale in the applicable state or an exemption from the
registration or qualiﬁcation requirement is available and is complied with.
 
The Selling Securityholders and any other persons participating in the sale or distribution of the securities will be
subject to applicable provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder,
including, without limitation, Regulation M. These provisions may restrict certain activities of, and limit the timing of
purchases and sales of any of the securities by, the Selling Securityholders or any other person, which limitations may
aﬀect the marketability of the shares of the securities.
 
We will make copies of this prospectus available to the Selling Securityholders for the purpose of satisfying the
prospectus delivery requirements of the Securities Act. The Selling Securityholders may indemnify any agent, broker-
dealer or underwriter that participates in transactions involving the sale of the securities against certain liabilities,
including liabilities arising under the Securities Act.
 
We have agreed to indemnify the Selling Securityholders against certain liabilities, including certain liabilities
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act or other federal or state law. Agents, broker-dealers and underwriters may
be entitled to indemniﬁcation by us and the Selling Securityholders against certain civil liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act, or to contribution with respect to payments which the agents, broker-dealers or underwriters
may be required to make in respect thereof.
 
30 
--- PAGE 39 ---
 
 
EXPENSES RELATED TO THE OFFERING
 
The following are the estimated expenses related to the ﬁling of the registration statement of which this
prospectus forms a part, all of which will be paid by us. In addition, we anticipate incurring additional expenses in the
future in connection with the oﬀering of our securities pursuant to this prospectus. Any such additional expenses will
be disclosed in a prospectus supplement.
 
SEC Registration Fee  US$ 2,092 
Accounting Fees and Expenses    10,000 
Legal Fees and Expenses    100,000 
Financial Printing and Miscellaneous Expenses    17,908 
Total  US$ 130,000 
 
31 
--- PAGE 40 ---
 
 
LEGAL MATTERS
 
We are being represented by Cooley LLP with respect to certain legal matters as to United States federal securities
and New York State law. The validity of Ordinary Shares and certain other legal matters as to the Cayman Islands law
has been passed on for us by BGA Law (Cayman) Limited.
 
32 
--- PAGE 41 ---
 
 
EXPERTS
 
The consolidated ﬁnancial statements of Metalpha Technology Holding Limited incorporated in this prospectus by
reference to the annual report on Form 20-F for the ﬁscal year ended March 31, 2025 have been so incorporated in
reliance on the report of OneStop Assurance PAC, an independent registered public accounting ﬁrm, given on the
authority of said ﬁrm as experts in auditing and accounting. The oﬃce of OneStop Assurance PAC is located at 10
Anson Road, #21-14 International Plaza, Singapore 079903.
 
33 
--- PAGE 42 ---
 
 
ENFORCEABILITY OF CIVIL LIABILITY
 
We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands to take advantage of certain beneﬁts associated with being a Cayman
Islands exempted company, such as:
 
● political and economic stability;
 
● an eﬀective judicial system;
 
● a favorable tax system;
 
● the absence of exchange controls or currency restrictions; and
 
● the availability of professional and support services.
 
However, certain disadvantages accompany incorporation in the Cayman Islands. These disadvantages include, but
are not limited to:
 
● the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities laws as compared to the United States and these
securities laws provide signiﬁcantly less protection to investors as compared to the United States; and
 
● Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the federal courts of the United States.
 
Our Memorandum and Articles of Association do not contain provisions requiring that disputes, including those
arising under the securities laws of the United States, between us, our oﬃcers, directors and shareholders, be
arbitrated.
 
We have appointed Cogency Global Inc., located at 122 East 42nd Street, 18th Floor, New York, NY 10168, as our
agent upon whom process may be served in any action brought against us under the securities laws of the United
States.
 
Certain of our directors are nationals or residents of jurisdictions other than the United States and most of their
assets are located outside the United States. As a result, it may be diﬃcult for a shareholder to eﬀect service of
process within the United States upon these individuals, or to bring an action against us or these individuals in the
United States, or to enforce against us or them judgments obtained in United States courts, including judgments
predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United
States.
 
BGA Law (Cayman) Limited, our Cayman Islands counsel, have advised us that there is uncertainty as to whether
the courts of the Cayman Islands would (i) recognize or enforce judgments of United States courts obtained against us
or our directors or oﬃcers predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any
state in the United States or (ii) entertain original actions brought in the Cayman Islands against us or our directors or
oﬃcers predicated upon the securities laws of the United States or any state in the United States.
 
34 
--- PAGE 43 ---
 
 
There is uncertainty with regard to Cayman Islands law as to whether a judgment obtained from the United States
courts under civil liability provisions of the securities laws will be determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands as
penal or punitive in nature. If such a determination is made, the courts of the Cayman Islands would not recognize or
enforce the judgment against a Cayman Islands company. BGA Law (Cayman) Limited has advised us that although
there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the federal or state courts of the
United States, in certain circumstances a judgment obtained in such jurisdiction may be recognized and enforced in the
courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination of the merits of the underlying dispute,
provided that such judgment:
 
● is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction and such foreign court had proper jurisdiction over the
parties subject to such judgment;
 
● imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given;
 
● is ﬁnal and conclusive;
 
● is not in respect of taxes, a ﬁne, a penalty or similar ﬁscal or revenue obligations of the company; and
 
● was not obtained in a fraudulent manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural
justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands.
 
In appropriate circumstances, a Cayman Islands court may give eﬀect in the Cayman Islands to other kinds of ﬁnal
foreign judgments such as declaratory orders, orders for performance of contracts and injunctions.
 
A Cayman Islands court may impose civil liability on us or our directors or oﬃcers in a suit brought in the Grand
Court of the Cayman Islands against us or these persons with respect to a violation of U.S. federal securities laws,
provided that the facts surrounding any violation constitute or give rise to a cause of action under Cayman Islands law.
 
35 
--- PAGE 44 ---
 
 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION
 
We have ﬁled with the SEC a “shelf” registration statement (including amendments and exhibits to the registration
statement) on Form F-3 under the Securities Act. This prospectus, which is part of the registration statement, does not
contain all of the information included in the registration statement. For further information pertaining to us and our
securities, you should refer to the registration statement and our exhibits.
 
We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act applicable to foreign private issuers.
Accordingly, we will be required to ﬁle or furnish reports and other information with the SEC, including annual reports
on Form 20-F and reports on Form 6-K. The SEC maintains an internet website that contains reports and other
information about issuers, like us, that ﬁle electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov.
 
As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt under the Exchange Act from, among other things, the rules prescribing
the furnishing and content of proxy statements, and our oﬃcers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from
the reporting and short-swing proﬁt recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act with respect to
their purchase and sale of our Ordinary Shares. In addition, we will not be required under the Exchange Act to ﬁle
periodic reports and ﬁnancial statements with the SEC as frequently or as promptly as U.S. companies whose securities
are registered under the Exchange Act.
 
Our SEC ﬁlings, including the registration statement, are available to you on the SEC’s website at
http://www.sec.gov. This site contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding
issuers that ﬁle electronically with the SEC. We also maintain a website at https://www.metalpha.net/. Through our
website, we make available, free of charge, our annual reports and other information as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically ﬁled with, or furnished to, the SEC. The information contained on, or that may
be accessed through, our website is not part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this prospectus.
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
 
This registration statement incorporates by reference important information about the Company that is not
included in or delivered with this document. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this
prospectus, and the SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” the information we ﬁle with it, which means that we
can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents instead of having to repeat the
information in this prospectus. Any statement contained in any document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated
by reference herein shall be deemed to be modiﬁed or superseded for purposes of this prospectus to the extent that a
statement contained in this prospectus or any accompanying prospectus supplement, or in any other subsequently
ﬁled document which also is or is deemed to be incorporated by reference herein, modiﬁes or supersedes such
statement. Any such statement so modiﬁed or superseded shall not be deemed, except as so modiﬁed or superseded,
to constitute a part of this prospectus. We incorporate by reference:
 
● our Annual Report for the ﬁscal year ended March 31, 2025 on Form 20-F, ﬁled with the SEC on July 30, 2025;
 
● the description of our Ordinary Shares contained in our registration statement on Form 8-A ﬁled with the SEC on
September 15, 2017, and any amendment or report ﬁled for the purpose of updating such description;
 
● our Current Report on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on October 30, 2025 that announces the $12 million private
placement with Gortune International Investment Limited Partnership and Avenir Tech Limited;
 
● our Current Report on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on February 9, 2026 that announces the adoption of the
Bitcoin allocation plan of up to 20% of annual net proﬁt; and
 
36 
--- PAGE 45 ---
 
 
● our Current Report on Form 6-K furnished to the SEC on February 20, 2026 that attaches our unaudited
condensed consolidated ﬁnancial statements and notes for the six months ended September 30, 2025.
 
All subsequent annual reports on Form 20-F, Form 40-F or Form 10-K that we ﬁle with the SEC and all subsequent
ﬁlings on Forms 10-Q and 8-K ﬁled by us with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act (excluding, in each case, any
information or documents deemed to be furnished and not ﬁled with the SEC), after the date hereof and prior to the
termination or expiration of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, shall be incorporated by
reference. We may incorporate by reference any reports on Form 6-K that we furnish to the SEC that we speciﬁcally
identify in such form or in any applicable prospectus supplement as being incorporated by reference into this
prospectus or such prospectus supplement (i) after the ﬁling of the registration statement of which this prospectus
forms a part and prior to the eﬀectiveness of such registration statement and (ii) after the date of this prospectus and
prior to the completion of an oﬀering of securities under this prospectus.
 
Our ﬁlings with the SEC, including annual reports on Form 20-F and current reports on Form 6-K and amendments to
those reports, are available electronically on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of all documents incorporated
by reference in this prospectus, other than exhibits to those documents unless such exhibits are specially incorporated
by reference in this prospectus, will be provided at no cost to each person, including any beneﬁcial owner, who
receives a copy of this prospectus on the written or oral request of that person made to:
 
Metalpha Technology Holding Limited
Suite 5506-07, Central Plaza, 18 Harbour Road, Wan Chai
Hong Kong, China
(+852) 3565-2920
Attention: Investor Relations
 
You should rely only on the information that we incorporate by reference or provide in this prospectus or any
accompanying prospectus supplement.
 
37 
--- PAGE 46 ---
 
 
METALPHA TECHNOLOGY HOLDING LIMITED
Metalpha Technology Holding Limited
15,453,364 Ordinary Shares
 
               , 2026
 
You should rely only on the information contained in this prospectus or any supplement or
amendment hereto. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with diﬀerent information. You should
not assume that the information contained in this prospectus or any supplement or amendment hereto is
accurate as of any date other than the date of this prospectus or any such supplement or amendment.
Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or
disapproved of these securities or determined if this prospectus is truthful or complete. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal oﬀense.
 
 
--- PAGE 47 ---
 
 
PART II
INFORMATION NOT REQUIRED IN PROSPECTUS
 
ITEM 8. INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS.
 
Our third amended and restated memorandum and articles of association empowers us to indemnify our directors
and oﬃcers against certain liabilities they incur by reason of their being a director or oﬃcer of our Company.
 
We have also entered into indemniﬁcation agreements with each of our directors and executive oﬃcers in
connection with this Oﬀering. Under these agreements, we have agreed to indemnify our directors and executive
oﬃcers against certain liabilities and expenses incurred by such persons in connection with claims made by reason of
their being a director or oﬃcer of our Company.
 
We intend to obtain directors’ and oﬃcer’s liability insurance coverage that will cover certain liabilities of directors
and oﬃcers of our Company arising out of claims based on acts or omissions in their capacities as directors or oﬃcers.
 
ITEM 9. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES.
 
(a) Exhibits
 
See the Exhibit Index.
 
The agreements included as exhibits to this registration statement contain representations and warranties by each
of the parties to the applicable agreement. These representations and warranties were made solely for the beneﬁt of
the other parties to the applicable agreement and (i) were not intended to be treated as categorical statements of fact,
but rather as a way of allocating the risk to one of the parties if those statements prove to be inaccurate; (ii) may have
been qualiﬁed in such agreement by disclosure that was made to the other party in connection with the negotiation of
the applicable agreement; (iii) may apply contract standards of “materiality” that are diﬀerent from “materiality”
under the applicable securities laws; and (iv) were made only as of the date of the applicable agreement or such other
date or dates as may be speciﬁed in the agreement.
 
We acknowledge that, notwithstanding the inclusion of the foregoing cautionary statements, we are responsible for
considering whether additional speciﬁc disclosure of material information regarding material contractual provisions is
required to make the statements in this registration statement not misleading.
 
(b) Financial Statement Schedules
 
Schedules have been omitted because the information required to be set forth therein is not applicable or is shown
in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto.
 
ITEM 10. UNDERTAKINGS.
 
The undersigned registrant hereby undertakes:
 
(a) To ﬁle, during any period in which oﬀers or sales are being made, a post-eﬀective amendment to this
registration statement:
 
(1) to include any prospectus required by section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act;
 
II-1
--- PAGE 48 ---
 
 
(2) to reﬂect in the prospectus any facts or events arising after the eﬀective date of this registration
statement (or the most recent post-eﬀective amendment thereof) which, individually or in the aggregate, represent a
fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any
increase or decrease in volume of securities oﬀered (if the total dollar value of securities oﬀered would not exceed that
which was registered) and any deviation from the low or high end of the estimated maximum oﬀering range may be
reﬂected in the form of prospectus ﬁled with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Rule 424(b) if, in the
aggregate, the changes in volume and price represent no more than a 20% change in the maximum aggregate oﬀering
price set forth in the “Calculation of Registration Fee” table in the eﬀective registration statement; and
 
(3) to include any material information with respect to the plan of distribution not previously disclosed
in the registration statement or any material change to such information in the registration statement;
 
provided, however, that paragraphs (a)(1), (a)(2) and (a)(3) of this section do not apply if the registration
statement is on Form S-3 or From F-3 and the information required to be included in a post-eﬀective amendment by
those paragraphs is contained in reports ﬁled with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission by the
registrant pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 that are incorporated by reference in
the registration statement, or is contained in a form of prospectus ﬁled pursuant to Rule 424(b).
 
(b) That, for the purpose of determining any liability under the Securities Act of 1933, each such post-eﬀective
amendment shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities oﬀered therein, and the
oﬀering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona ﬁde oﬀering thereof.
 
(c) To remove from registration by means of a post-eﬀective amendment any of the securities being registered
which remain unsold at the termination of the oﬀering.
 
(d) To ﬁle a post-eﬀective amendment to the registration statement to include any ﬁnancial statements
required by Item 8.A of Form 20-F at the start of any delayed oﬀering or throughout a continuous oﬀering. Financial
statements and information otherwise required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act need not be furnished,
provided that the registrant includes in the prospectus, by means of a post-eﬀective amendment, ﬁnancial statements
required pursuant to this paragraph (4) and other information necessary to ensure that all other information in the
prospectus is at least as current as the date of those ﬁnancial statements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect
to registration statements on Form F-3, a post-eﬀective amendment need not be ﬁled to include ﬁnancial statements
and information required by Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act or Item 8.A of Form 20-F if such ﬁnancial statements
and information are contained in periodic reports ﬁled with or furnished to the Commission by the registrant pursuant
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act that are incorporated by reference in the Form F-3.
 
(e) That, for the purpose of determining liability under the Securities Act to any purchaser:
 
(1) Each prospectus ﬁled by the registrant pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) shall be deemed to be part of the
registration statement as of the date the ﬁled prospectus was deemed part of and included in the registration
statement; and
 
(2) Each prospectus required to be ﬁled pursuant to Rule 424(b)(2), (b)(5), or (b)(7) as part of a
registration statement in reliance on Rule 430B relating to an oﬀering made pursuant to Rule 415(a)(1)(i), (vii), or (x)
for the purpose of providing the information required by Section 10(a) of the Securities Act shall be deemed to be part
of and included in the registration statement as of the earlier of the date such form of prospectus is ﬁrst used after
eﬀectiveness or the date of the ﬁrst contract of sale of securities in the oﬀering described in the prospectus. As
provided in Rule 430B, for liability purposes of the issuer and any person that is at that date an underwriter, such date
shall be deemed to be a new eﬀective date of the registration statement relating to the securities in the registration
statement to which that prospectus relates, and the oﬀering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the
initial bona ﬁde oﬀering thereof. Provided, however, that no statement made in a registration statement or prospectus
that is part of the registration statement or made in a document incorporated or deemed incorporated by reference into
the registration statement or prospectus that is part of the registration statement will, as to a purchaser with a time of
contract of sale prior to such eﬀective date, supersede or modify any statement that was made in the registration
statement or prospectus that was part of the registration statement or made in any such document immediately prior
to such eﬀective date; and
 
II-2
--- PAGE 49 ---
 
 
(f) That, for the purpose of determining liability of the registrant under the Securities Act to any purchaser in the
initial distribution of the securities, the undersigned registrant undertakes that in a primary oﬀering of securities of the
undersigned registrant pursuant to this registration statement, regardless of the underwriting method used to sell the
securities to the purchaser, if the securities are oﬀered or sold to such purchaser by means of any of the following
communications, the undersigned registrant will be a seller to the purchaser and will be considered to oﬀer or sell such
securities to such purchaser:
 
(1) any preliminary prospectus or prospectus of the undersigned registrant relating to the oﬀering
required to be ﬁled pursuant to Rule 424;
 
(2) any free writing prospectus relating to the oﬀering prepared by or on behalf of the undersigned
registrant or used or referred to by the undersigned registrant;
 
(3) the portion of any other free writing prospectus relating to the oﬀering containing material
information about the undersigned registrant or its securities provided by or on behalf of the undersigned registrant;
and
 
(4) any other communication that is an oﬀer in the oﬀering made by the undersigned registrant to the
purchaser.
 
(g) That, for purposes of determining any liability under the Securities Act, each ﬁling of the registrant’s annual
report pursuant to Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act (and, where applicable, each ﬁling of an
employee beneﬁt plan’s annual report pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act) that is incorporated by reference
in the registration statement shall be deemed to be a new registration statement relating to the securities oﬀered
therein, and the oﬀering of such securities at that time shall be deemed to be the initial bona ﬁde oﬀering thereof.
 
(h) Insofar as indemniﬁcation for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors,
oﬃcers and controlling persons of the registrant pursuant to the foregoing provisions, or otherwise, the registrant has
been advised that, in the opinion of the SEC, such indemniﬁcation is against public policy as expressed in the
Securities Act and is, therefore, unenforceable. In the event that a claim for indemniﬁcation against such liabilities
(other than the payment by the registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, oﬃcer, or controlling person of the
Registrant in the successful defense of any action, suit or proceeding) is asserted by such director, oﬃcer or controlling
person in connection with the securities being registered, the registrant will, unless, in the opinion of its counsel, the
matter has been settled by controlling precedent, submit to a court of appropriate jurisdiction the question of whether
such indemniﬁcation by it is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and will be governed by the ﬁnal
adjudication of such issue.
 
II-3
--- PAGE 50 ---
 
 
EXHIBIT INDEX
 
       Incorporation by Reference
Exhibit
Exhibit
No.     Description of Document     Form   File No.   No.  
Filing
Date
                     
3.1    Third Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of
Association of the Company
 6-K    001-38208     1.1     March 31,
2025
5.1**    Opinion of BGA Law (Cayman) Limited as to the validity of
securities being registered and certain Cayman Islands
legal matters
            
10.1    Form of Subscription Agreement 6-K    001-38208     10.1    October 30,
2025
23.1**    Consent of OneStop Assurance PAC            
23.2**    Consent of BGA Law (Cayman) Limited regarding certain
Cayman Islands legal matters (included in Exhibit 5.1)
            
24.1**    Power of Attorney (included on the signature page)             
107**    Calculation of Filing Fee Table             
 
** Filed herewith
 
II-4
--- PAGE 51 ---
 
 
SIGNATURES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the registrant certiﬁes that it has
reasonable grounds to believe that it meets all of the requirements for ﬁling on Form F-3 and has duly caused this
registration statement to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the city of Hong
Kong, on June 29, 2026.
 
  Metalpha Technology Holding Limited
     
  By: /s/ Bingzhong Wang
  Name:Bingzhong Wang
  Title: Chief Executive Oﬃcer and Chairman of
the Board of Directors
 
II-5
--- PAGE 52 ---
 
 
POWER OF ATTORNEY
 
KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each of the undersigned constitutes and appoints Bingzhong Wang,
as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agents, each with full power of substitution and re-substitution, for
him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments
(including post-eﬀective amendments) to this registration statement and sign any registration statement for the same
oﬀering covered by this registration statement that is to be eﬀective upon ﬁling pursuant to Rule 462(b) promulgated
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and all post-eﬀective amendments thereto and to ﬁle the same, with all
exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting
unto said attorney-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act
and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith and about the premises, as fully to all intents and
purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and conﬁrming all that said attorney-in-fact and
agents, or his or her substitutes or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, this registration statement has been
signed by the following persons in the capacities indicated below on June 29, 2026.
 
Signature   Title
     
/s/ Bingzhong Wang   Chief Executive Oﬃcer and Chairman of the Board of
Directors
Bingzhong Wang   (Principal Executive Oﬃcer)
   /s/ Pengyuan Fan   Chief Financial Oﬃcer and Director
Pengyuan Fan   (Principal Financial and Accounting Oﬃcer)
     /s/ Jingxin Tian    
Jingxin Tian   Director
     /s/ Sen Lin    
Sen Lin   Director
     /s/ Kiyohiro Kawayanagi    
Kiyohiro Kawayanagi   Director
 
II-6
--- PAGE 53 ---
 
 
SIGNATURE OF AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE IN THE UNITED STATES
 
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the undersigned, the duly authorized
representative in the United States of Metalpha Technology Holding Limited, has signed this registration statement in
New York, New York on June 29, 2026.
 
  Authorized U.S. Representative
     
  By: /s/ Colleen A. De Vries
  Name:Colleen A. De Vries
  Title: Senior Vice-President on behalf of
Cogency Global Inc.
 
II-7
 
